Love this case but the back snapped off within a few weeks.
nice quality
I love my new phone cover it is awesome love the color.
Good
I didn't way to get a cover for my turbo ballistic, because I love the way the phone feels by itself and the ballistic back looks so great, but after a drop in the parking lot, I had to get a replacement phone (frame got chipped and something inside must have gotten messed up because it no longer held a charge for longer than a few hours). I broke down and got this cover and I have to say it's the next best thing to going cover free. You can see the ballistic fabric a bit because it's clear in parts, and it's got textured sides for good grip.
Being a person of few words, I am simply going to write the review and copy it down 4 times. I liked all of these products and am very happy with all of them. What else can I say. The radio is the best though, but all the rest are good also.
Great case works perfect for my wife's phone she is always breaking her screen..not anymore good protection very happy with service and purchase !
It's a good fit on the ballistic nylon Motorola Droid Phone. That said, while it has a slim profile and fits easily into a pocket, it isn't as protected as the cases I usually buy.
The screen protector has lots of air bubbles.
Factory packaging. Excellent instructions. Well made. Works perfectly!!
So far, I'm loving it. The only thing that may be a problem is protecting the camera.
Great case, super durable, keeps the phone nice and safe!
I had one so brought this one for my daughter she loved it
I bought the case for $3.99. I originally purchased a otter box but it seemed too flimsy for the price so I went cheaper.. So far I have dropped my phone 3 times. Twice from a height of about 3 feet onto tile floor and once from a height of 10 feet onto carpet and phone is still in perfect condition.
Awesome
Fits the turbo ballistic perfectly. Is made of a durable rubber. I doubt it would protect the phone from damage if dropped on a hard surface as it won't absorb much shock but it does look pretty good and offers some protection.
Nice case and a very good value. Fits my phone perfectly. Very good protection. Highly recommend.
Fits good and gives good protection to phone. No complaints.
Got one of these a while back for my phone and it fits perfectly. The buttons haven't given me any issues and the kickstand is handy when I'm at a table. I'm glad that I chose this over something with a smooth surface, since I drop my phone plenty enough without it (my own doing, my hand misses my pocket a lot). I don't know how well my phone could take cringe-worthy drops on its own, but it's handled well so far with the case.
When this arrived I was really happy with it, however, I did not pay attention to it's name. G4 Plus. I needed a case for G4 Play, so it was just a wee too big for my phone. But, looking at it and holding it, it is a sturdy case and I would feel safe with this if I dropped my phone. It is bulkier, but appears to be good protection. Too bad I missed the Plus and had to return it. Return was no issue at all.
wasn't what i thought it would be. and every time I tried to put it on I got bubbles
Very satisfied.
This is a perfect complement to the S5 Active
Easy to install. Fits well in my hand and has hit the ground a couple of times without damage to the phone. Had it for a couple of years and it looks good to this day.
Great products for an even greater price! I would recommend these to anyone looking to spending less for quality products. Great job guys.
Nice and rugged.
These cases are my personal favorite. Have owned a couple in different colors. Love the prop thing on the back so you can set your phone down while watching video content. (only works horizontally) Prop also helps while holding the phone for an extended amount of time. Protected the phone nicely and case never got loose, despite taking it off now and then to clean the case and phone.
It good, but it messes up with my screen protector all around the sides.
good
Great case for the Moto G4.
Fits really well, has a nice texture on the edges/sides to hold the phone. The price is right, too. Downsides: the frosted part is more slippery than the phone itself. The clear part on the back isn't gummy at all, but it seems to provide better grip than the frosted section. Having it available for both the Ballistic Nylon version (which I bought) and the regular metalized Kevlar version is a bonus.
You get what you pay for. Having used an Otter Box, I may have just chosen the wrong replacement. I wanted something lighter weight, which this is. However, it's clear that it won't provide any real protection when a phone is dropped. The item is as described and arrived quickly. I just made the wrong choice. Going back to an Otter Box.
Great case, looks nice and fit exactly right!
Poor quality thin plastic. Not worth the money they want for it. Besides it doesn't fit my Droid Maxx anyway.
Did not fit on Moto G4, the cover was bigger than the phone
I don't usually bother to write reviews, but this case is worth one. I bought an otterbox commuter case for my droid, thinking it would be nice and slim. However, it still made the phone very bulky and the hard surface made it slide when putting it on a counter and just awkward to hold. I decided to take a chance on this case and I'm so glad I did. It has a nice feel, is hardly any additional thickness compared to the bare phone and I love that there is no cover over the charging port to deal with. Plus, the clear cover shows my sapphire blue phone which is an added bonus.
Bought wrong size
I'm very happy with this case., Would have liked it to be all rubber, but the grips on the side are enough. It works well as I am not the nicest to my phones. The screen cover and the grip case will keep me from destroying my phone.
Protects the phone well.
As described. No complaints. Would buy again in a heartbeat. Great protection .
This is a nice, cheap case. I ordered a similar version off of a discount website and have always liked the case. Decided to get a higher quality version and this one seems better built, tighter fit. It's not going to give you as much protection as an Otter case, but you don't lose the thin, sexy quality of the phone, either.
NICE ATTRACTIVE CASE BUT DECIDED TO GO WITH ONE WITH BELT CLIP SO ALL I CAN SAY IT LOOKS LIKE IT IS WELL MADE IS VERY ATTRACTIVE.
Fits well on G4 and make it really easy to grip the phone for larger hands. Havent dropped the phone so not sure how well it will fair in protecting the phone.
The case is rugged and protects the phone well.
Charging slot too thick to allow connection of charger
Nice case, fits snugly and the button covers are a nice touch. No problem with the USB/charger port access reported by others. Biggest gripe: No belt clip or holster is available for it. Minus 1 star as a result.
Good case, it feels a little odd in your hand. Seems rugged though and it should be able to handle drops well.
Thanks
It gives you a good grip on your Moto G4, it gives good protection and I like the kickstand. I recommend it.
I can hear people fine but they can’t hear me unless I talk into the end of the phone (removing phone from my ear and just holding like a microphone and talking into the end). Worst phone case I’ve owned
09/06/2017 Good case but I wanted one to fit all around phone front and back. Still a good case for the money. wjc
Good Fit & finish
Great cheap case started to see some staining on the gloss but its a good case.
I wish the kickstand allowed access to the volume button side of the phone when standing. Only the power button is accessible. Other than that it's great.
This is a fantastic case. It looks good. It does add some amount of bulk to the phone, but not too much, and I don't see that as a problem. It fits well, doesn't block anything, has a nice lip at the front so the screen is protected when the phone is upside down, the volume and power buttons are easy to press. I've only had the case for a few days, but so far I've not found any faults with it. I'll update if anything changes.
Broke as soon as I put it on didn't like it
I love the weight of this item. Helps me to protect my tablet. Thanks .
Work great
Works as advertised. Doesn't add bulk to my phone and allows me to see the ballistic nylon through it.
I like these cases, I have the sameone for my Galaxy Mega and after 4 years I broke the corner of the outside case by accident.. it lasted along time so I'm not complaining at all.
Great bargain, good protection, fits well, and looks good.
This case is sturdy comfortable to hold and has a pull out stand to boot!
I absolutely love this case. The material feels sturdy and looks amazing! Not to mention, it fits the phone perfect! Ive had cases that didnt fit exactly like this one does! The kickstand is the reason I picked this particular case. I highly recommend this product!
Kickstand broke a few days after the return deadline, really dumb. Now the kids have to prop it up which defeats the main purpose for purchasing this. I know, I know - first-world problems.
Product kickstand broke easily would buy something a little better.
Nothing bad to say about this inexpensive case. Works great all round..!
It was very difficult to find a case that fit my samsung galaxy nook book that was child proof, could not even find one at Barnes and noble. This case is beautiful and fits perfect, like it was made for my tablet
It's ok
Solid case. Extremely durable
it was perfect at first. the ring had a good grip. but after a week it loosen up. i try to stand my phone up and it falls immediately because the ring is too loose. it literally dangling around. very disappointed. still finding it hard to remove from my case. hopefully not all rings are like this.
does what it says. i bring my phone in the shower and it’s never leaked
good but it cracked
$200 phone has already broken. Don't fall for the high reviews. Go with Otterbox.
Nice looking case and the kickstand is great. The buttons are all very easy to push. Great fit.
I really like this case, it was easy to put it on but it holds the phone well, protecting it from dings. The & 34;kick stand& 34; is a nice feature and the controls work fine through the case.
Good
wEFWEFe
It was the wrong size does not fit a motto play phone.
Fits and looks nice.
The kickstand is great and acts as a secure place to hold the phone as well, giving my pinkey finger a much needed rest. Overall, though, the case is bulky and doubles the profile of the phone. It's already big enough to be uncomfortable in a pocket and, with the case on, it's too thick. The case itself is two separate pieces. One is a rubber cover that is then reinforced by the plastic casing that houses the kickstand. Some will enjoy the rugged appearance and feel, but the profile is much larger than I expected.
Allows me to hold it without slipping our of my hand.
Didn't stick to my phone case and didn't rotate as advertised, but i contacted the company and they sent a replacement (which i haven't tried yet.)
I like this case a lot! Excellent no-slip grip with kickstand and comes with a very nice pen-stylus!
It is all hard plastic. not very comfortable to hold. color in picture is brighter than actual case, harder to find.
Great product you guys should buy it absolutely love it
I like this case it feels very well made (soft gel rubber) fit the phone great, the buttons and jacks are fully accessible, and as others have said the buttons are much easier to use (and less prone to be pushed by accident) so that was a huge plus. I got the clear case because I wanted to see my blue nylon, and it's completely opaque like the picture, and the clear part you can barely see the nylon so I'm not super happy with the looks. The grip on the side is excellent, I thought the nylon phone would provide a good grip but not even close to as good as this case provides, so hopefully less drops.. The lip around the edge of the phone is very small but as I wanted a thin case it's acceptable. I would like a clearer clear so I could see my nylon, and a bit bigger lip but so far this seems to be the best option, otherwise great case for the money. Provides just enough protection for my phone and looks ok
It provided a good grip for better handling
It sticks really well, when I put it on my iPhone after I received it in the mail. I noticed what I thought was a scratch at first, but it turned out to be a slight crack which eventually led to it breaking in half after a few days. I wish I could send it in and have it repaired or replaced.
Thanks, real nice product at a great price.
Good shock-absorbing case for my Moto G4. Fits well and has a kick-stand on the back for watching videos, etc. Soft and harder rubber construction make it easy to hold and grip. On/off and sound keys work well too.
What a great case! For $5.99, it's a steal. Makes me feel secure in case I drop my new expensive S7 edge. The kick stand is great too for watching on a table. This is the best phone ever so make sure you secure it. Would recommend to others.
Wow. I was impressed with this. Fits the phone great. I didn't have my expectations high as I have been let down by other cases that looked good, but fell short on being able to protect the phone. When it arrived I was very pleased that it offered as much protection as it does. Very rugged and sturdy.
Excellent product. No frills just good protection. Worth the money.
Great Quality. Exactly what my son wanted. Thanks
Great product
Great fit for son's tablet. Awesome color choices! A nice plus to get a stylus and screen protector for that price. Great deal! Kick stand is not great ..as other have commented..but would definitely buy again!!
I love to grip my iphone when I run so I can see the screen, instead of having it fastened to my upper arm.. and this Phone Grip Love Handle does an awesome job. Not only does it hold very strongly, but it matched my silver Mophie case perfectly. Great deal! Recommended!
This has saved my phone more than a couple times but it pulls the IQ Shield off at the corners.
Very good fit. Non-slip, which is what we need. Love the kick stand.
My 18 year old is HARD on everything. He has broken everything. This is the longest he has not damaged a phone because of this case. If very durable
The screen came scratched up
Very unhappy, doesn't even come close to fitting my Moto g4
Fits my iphone perfectly. Design on back makes the phone feel secure in your hand. Nice kickstand on back sits the phone at a good angle for viewing.
I really love the look and feel of this protective case. The design is a bit bulky, but it's still smooth enough to fit in pockets, or anywhere else really. It's a big phone in general, so the size is certainly not the fault of the designers. This is a much hardier case, and the aesthetic design really is for the sake of providing the most protection possible. I didn't think I would ever use the kickstand, but I ended up using it all the time, and it's so convenient to have it there. I initially thought it might get in the way, but it doesn't at all. The only qualm I have with this case, is that it doesn't allow me to use the original moto G4 charger that came with the phone. The bulky input end of the cable can't get past the cases area around the charging input slot, so I have to pop the case off whenever I want to use that charger. Other chords with thin ends work fine, but to not be able to use the original chord is pretty annoying, and a tedious design flaw. I would otherwise very much recommend this case, and I would re-buy this 100% next time I need a case, which I can't imagine I ever will, since this case seems like it will last forever! After almost two months of use (and dropping it A LOT) it still looks brand new!
The stand was very hard to open and the tab broke off within a very short time.
Meets expectations
As Advertised. Works great!
Fits my Droid Turbo perfectly, and the phone is much easier to hold onto with this installed. My only (very minor) gripe is that the textured areas on the sides feel a bit & 34;coarse& 34; in the hand. I may smooth them down a bit with some sandpaper.
Fits well, not bulky, looks alright. It does trap a little dirt underneath the corners and edges over time but I expected that. Just what I was looking for.
Beautiful case and protected phone well!
Fun cover. Fits perfectly. My 4 year old granddaughter finds it amusing!
nice
Great case
Kewl !!
Nice but don't fit tight on the back
tough case
Nice product. Looks good works good. Extra protection. Will still fit into shirt pocket.
bueno
doesn't fit great, but it works as a back up.
Looks good and works well. I do wish that the rubber parts were a little softer. The rubber is so hard it is almost like plastic. This makes it feel a little cheap. Not bad enough I will change it, but don't expect the rubber to be soft like a rubber band.
This Moto G4 and G4 Plus Case is a PERFECT FIT, and just as described!.. And get it in Purple!! ;)
Awesome case!
So far so good even though it's not temper glass it fit just right I'm very content with the product. Would recommend and buy it again.
Device fell about 2feet to cement sidewalk hit on the lower left corner and the black plastic & 34;finger& 34; broke off..
Love it.
Disappointed
Exactly what I needed, and exactly what I was looking for..something that would give me a better grip on the phone, without being bulky so it still fits in my pocket.
Sturdy protraction for the phone. Seems difficult to use with tempered glass protector
Perfect fit.
Did not fit my cell phone.
Not too bulky, not too thin, Side buttons mate perfectly with phone's buttons. Side-ribs provide excellent grip. Kickstand works well. More of a plastic feel than rubber which makes it easier to get out of my back pocket..perhaps too easy. For example, while pulling up my tool belt, the phone has fallen out 3 times onto cement but the phone is fine and there's not a mark on the case. It has not fallen out at any other time in 4 weeks. Overall, very pleased with the design and quality. May interfere with USB cable insertion if the front of the cable is not flat. I don't use the included stylus but it works well, has a rubber/foam tip, and might come in handy for those with long fingernails.
Great product
I was so very disappointed. A bullet proof tempered glass screen protector arrives SHATTERED in pieces. It was th
I held off getting a Droid Turbo till I could get a case that was slim, professional looking, yet still provided good protection. Tick the box on all those points. The textured sides and tactile raised areas over the power and volume buttons make my Droid even easier to use. The openings for the usb/power plus and earphone plug are big enough that I can access without difficulty. Thanks for a great case!
Works well, but the handle is a little on the small side. Adhesive is really good! I have a phone case that’s not smooth & the handle stays attached just fine!
Fits perfect
working great
The case is just about perfect and the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the power and volume buttons are a little hard to press and should be raised up a tad for easy feeling .. And identification it can get frustrating sometimes pressing them. Other then that I'm happy with the case
Perfect
Awsome
Great
I was expecting a really cheap case due to the price I paid for it, but in actuality this case is fantastic! Has done a great job protecting my phone from drops thus far. I don't know how I ever lived without a kickstand on my phone case before, and this case's kickstand is actually pretty durable! The stylus that it came with is kinda gimmicky, I just tossed it in a junk drawer as soon as I got it, but the case itself is well worth it!
love it, nice and elegant, robust built
Nice little fexable plastic case.
very thin and fairly grippy, wish it was flat black instead of glossy
Case works great, but the rubberised exterior is a drawback for me. This fits the phone exactly and provides great protection. No issues with slippage in the case and the shape give great hand hold positions. The rubberized grip actually feels slick to me, but some people like it. My biggest issue with it is that the adhesive metal plate for my magnetic Car Phone Holder (Large phones usually only work with managetic holders) won't stick to the surface. The 3M adhesive peels right off. Unfortunatily, the case is too thick for it to work by placing it inside the case. I ended up needing to sand off the rubberized coating so that I could get the plate to stick, and then it only lasted about a month before it fell off. Good Case unless you want to stick something too it.
It's nice case, so colorfull! I bought this case a few days ago, it looks like in the photo description, has good quality in materials, it works good for my Moto G4 I think was good buy, I show you a picture of the actual case..
It's nice case, so colorfull! I bought this case a few days ago, it looks like in the photo description, has good quality in materials, it works good for my Moto G4 I think was good buy, I show you a picture of the actual case..
Looks just like photo and I would rather have a thicker cover than a broken phone. Like the stand that pops out so I can set it down and talk.
It protects. Obviously it has nothing on an otterbox case but it does the job.
love it
It breaks easily
The case is very attractive and looks exactly as advertised. It took a while to get here to the U.S but overall I'm happy.
works as advertised
Fits like a glove. Looks kind of industrial, in a good way. Buttons function as if there is no cover on at all. Doesn't add substantially to the size of the phone. Good price, speedy shipping.UPDATE: Have had it for sometime now and just dropped my phone onto a slate floor from a height of about four feet. No damage to phone or case!! Great case!!
Great product at the right price.
Great
Came quickly and it's exactly what I expected
Everything I ordered came on time and had no problems
Have had phone in case with screen protector but screenjust shattered while I was holding it. No major drops. Also rating phone and screen protector as one star. Poor quality all-around.
Fits my s7 edge perfectly no complaints.
Worked
Worked
WORKS GREAT THANKS
So beautiful
No problem
Very nice cover for the price.
I like the look and feel of the case. The buttons are very responsive and easy to push. The one thing I don't like about the case is the kick stand. It is very difficult to open up. Usually I have to use a pen or something else to pry it open. I am rating it as 3 stars since the kick stand is the primary reason I purchased this case.
Slim, lightweight, and moderately protective. Perfect for me.
Hubby has used this now for a year and it works great. Protects the phone perfectly without adding bulk.
Looks great, works well, great purchase for price.
great product fits perfectly and even arrive sooner then the estimated delivery date
Nice durable case!
Good
I've had this case only for a month,but omg it is beautiful!!I get tons of compliments on it,and it fits my phone perfect.now by the looks of it,it's not the most protected phone case out there..but I'm a careful person,so I'm good with my phone.this phone case is perfect for me😍
:)
Love it dropped it and everything and case never came off
It is an OK case but the hard plastic is slick. If it did not have the large notches on it, it would be very slippery. But the notches also make it hard to get out of my Nighteyes holder. I ended up buying a Poetic Revolution case to replace it.
Trash. Only one half case. Went directly to the trash.
Fits great, and the kickstand is a neat feature. I would not hesitate to order it again. You won't be disappointed.
I love this product. So much better than a popsocket.
There is an air bubble in this case that just keeps getting bigger. It was hardly noticeable and now will fill up most of the top if you hold the phone upright. This case was cheap and so I do not feel ripped on in that sense, but I probably would not purchase this product again.
Excellent
Great product
fits like a glove! Feels great!
Hopefully the screen will last a while on the new phone. I'll keep you posted :-)
I'm very happy with this case. Out of all my recent case purchases, this one is one of the ones at the top of the list. Great two piece design. Soft inner shock absorbing material, with a tougher outer shell. Grippy outer shell too. The other cases I've gotten before are pretty slick. This one doesn't feel like I'm always worried about dropping it because of it slipping. Big fan of the kick stand. Very nice added feature. Seems like it will last longer than some of the other flimsy stands I've had recently. Good case!
Love the way it feels in the hand and seems durable (3 months).
This case has been great for my phone. The waffle pattern means the phone will not slip from your hand. Some people won't like the texture, though. It's biggest weakness is that the kickstand only works in the horizontal position, but I wish it had a vertical kickstand for when I read news sites. You can make it lighter by removing the waffle pattern.
nice
This is an amazing product it is protecting my phone from my clumsiness. I highly recommend this product.
Great looking case fits well
Stocking Stuffer for my hubby!
Best ring for phone imo. Isnt the slimmest, but makes up for it with how sturdy the ring is. Can hold the phone in any ring position and won't move on you.
So far it has survived being used daily in extreme environments. This was added to my fathers daily driver phone and he drops it constantly sometimes submerges it in cement/concrete since he tends to lose/drop his phones in construction zones where he works. With all this abuse there is one issue now that the leg/stand no longer works. It won't stay standing anymore otherwise this would have been a 5 star review.
Fits perfectly..works perfectly !
The screen protector sucks! And the rubber is not that good! But it's better than nothing!
Great case! I bought this case for my husband and he loves it. It's thin and lightweight, yet has extra gripping on the back to prevent dropping it easily. I would definitely recommend this case.
It is nice to look at, but breaks easily. It cracked when I tried to place it on my phone.
Really nice
As advertised.
3rd Cimo case I have had. Fit is excellent and ridges on side give positive grip.
This case works fairly well in that it will prevent your phone from taking damage from minor drops, but it has a fairly serious drawback. I've dropped my Moto G4 twice already since putting this case on it .. and the problem here is that both of those drops were mostly due to the case. This product is 2 pieces, a semi-soft plastic liner (the colored bits in the pictures) and a hard plastic shell that goes over it. The hard plastic shell (the black parts in the pictures) is very slippery, waffle pattern notwithstanding. The ridges and waffles make it easy to hold in your hand without using a death grip, but they provide absolutely no traction when placing the phone on any surface. Both of my post-encasement drops occurred because I set the phone on my leg while sitting and the phone just slid right off and onto the floor. The phone's regular plastic back has more friction than this case. The kickstand works well, the case fits perfectly, the openings for headset port, usb port, backside mike, and camera are properly aligned & sized.
I came across this item when I had my previous phone. I was looking for a solution because I'm developing a weird deformity on my right pinky from resting my phone on it, and I was looking for something I had seen in a Facebook ad when I found this. I've since gotten a new phone and new case, and I bought another one because I can't stand holding a phone without it now. I do attach them to my case and not my phone itself, because I refuse to not have a case with impact-resistant rubber. I now also refuse to own a phone without one of these! The adhesion is flawless; I am pretty sure I couldn't get it off the case if I wanted to. I've never had an issue with it coming loose. At first the strap is a little snug, but it stretches out. This thing is BRILLIANT because I can hook my finger through the loop and let my phone hang on the back of my hand, which frees up my hands for other things I might need to carry. I might have a coffee mug in my hand, but my phone hooked to my finger on the same hand. It also keeps me from dropping my phone (anyone else have a tendency to flip your phone out of your hand for no reason??) and allows me to not rest the entire weight of my iPhone Plus on my pinky.
Love it! Fits very snug over my phone, it's a slim design, just what I wanted.
this dose fit any normal phone..
Great product! Performs as described! Delivered on time!!
box stated it fit mot g phones, well it did not fit ours, and we did not realize you could not bring it back to the store even though we bought it on line, I never had this problem with other on like stores :( . any way by the time we found that out the online store said we had run out of time to return it. so we have 8$ of plastic junk, tried to sell it on ebay no luck, guess we will have to donate it :( won't be buying from Walmart on line any more. :(
Wonderful, sturdy case with a good, solid hand-feel. The little kickstand in the back is genius!
Doesn't fit phone right, does not protect it from cracks if phone falls. Phone fell not even 2 weeks after purchase, had this case on with screen protector and edge of screen still cracked. Save your money look somewhere else so it doesn't happen to you.
Fit the phone perfectly and has kept it in new condition for me!
Not the best case but for limited use this one will do I used this on my tab for a while just for checking email or blogs when my little one started to use it the skin wouldnfall off constantly and it always needed to be taken apart to be cleaned the stand was a bit hard to use and eventually fell off great screen cover and stylus bonus. For a mom or teen a plus but would not let children use for tablet time
Great case. Love it.
okay
Worked great as expected
I purchased your phone ring holder but you sent me a different product?? I purchased the EXACT same product from the exact same page as the first time (original order in March), yet I received a BIGGER and THINNER ring?? I wanted the smaller ring with the "u" logo..I got a flatter ring with sharp edges?? Can I still get the one WITH the logo? It is much nicer made and with rounded, comfortable edges. This one is sharp..
Great cover. Makes your phone bulky but definitely protects your phone. Will buy again
great after a year the tablets are still complete.. great
good protection for my phone !!
The only reason it doesn't get a 5-star rating is that I chose the ballistic nylon due to the look, since 2/3 of the back of the case is not clear, it covers up the novelty of having ballistic nylon in the first place. Works, fits & functions as advertized.
This a perfect case. Rugged, the stand really comes in handy and at a great price.
It doesn't fit my phone and it would cost to much to return.
Case is very durable yet very non-intrusive from a front angle, as in it is bulkier on the back than it is in the front. It provides a great subtle outlining while still protecting the corners. Much easier to slide on than it is to take off, making it trustable to put in your pocket or small zipper pocket without worrying about the phone falling out. The kickstand in the back is durable as well, but do not be startled if you can't pull it out the first time you try; it is held in place by one tab on the left side, with no tab on the right, so one side will lift higher than the other when trying to prop it up. Don't worry, you won't break it by giving it a good tug to get it out of there. To clarify on the description a bit, the colored area of the case is rubber, while the back piece with the kickstand is tough plastic. Both work together well and I've had no problem with them becoming unattached to each other, they fit snuggly. Craftsmanship is great and I've no qualms with it in any aspect.
Bought as gift. Recipient seems to really like it.
Have only had this case for a short time but it seems very sturdy and I hope it will keep my phone safe!
Love it , so good for my taste of cellphone cover 😊😊
Great Case!
I tried it out, but ultimately haven't used this much b/c I just like the cases with the ring better. If all you want is a stand then this one is pretty solid with some nice features. My only concern is the deep grooves might be hard to clean, so you might actually have to run it under water on occasion to get the gunk or pocket lint out.
Not quite a sturdy as expected.
Great buy, I've got multiple. Not a heavy duty case.
thin, light, dropped my phone multiple times still In good condition
Great case for the price.
love it
The case appears to be sufficiently bulky for withstanding falls. And because it is plastic, it is very light. The kickstand is nice. You'll definitely want a screen protector - the front doesn't stick out far from the screen, so a drop on a uneven surface (like a gravel driveway) will definitely shatter the screen. The one feature that I really don't like is its plastic construction. Rather than being grippy, like it looks like it should be, it's actually fairly slick. I imagine it would slide down a slight incline rather than stay in place. So, this definitely isn't the rubbery-feeling plastic but rather the slick kind. Which means it will slide off your leg. So, good think it looks like it can withstand a fall.. Update: really wanted to like it but can't after using for a day. Save your money. Too slick. It slides off of almost every surface. Low speed turns in vehicle, sinks, thigh..every surface is turned into an ice rink.
I let my daughter hold my phone while I was looking for cases and apparently she hit the 1 click buy. It's a cool looking case, obviously for $3 it's not going to be super high quality or offer a ton of protection. You get what you pay for. Or you get what your 1 year old buys when you're not paying attention.
All good!
I like it
very sheek and stylish
I really wanted to like this case more. It’s super thin, wraps around my phone, and provides a glass screen protector. It’s also less than $20. On paper, it sounds great. In practice, not so much. Pros: • It’s super slim. It pops right on and off without any worry • Drop protection (albeit very limited) • The branding is understated and classy. Cons: • The plastic is super cheap. I was afraid of breaking it when sliding it on and off my phone, and it actually ended up leaving some minor scratches. • It doesn’t stay on very well. I dropped my phone twice with this case on. Both times, the front piece of the case came flying off. It’s a miracle that the screen didn’t break because of this. I really wanted to like this case more. But it may just be my tastes. It may be slim, but you sacrifice a LOT of protection for it. It’s basically a skin for your iPhone, just easier to install and it comes with a screen protector. If you’re into that kind of thing, then this might be for you. EDIT: 9/23/17 Customer service contacted me and offered to send me a replacement unit. From the replacement I received it looks like my first case was in some way defective. The new unit did solve the problem of the plastic popping off when I dropped it, but it’s still very thin. The plastic thankfully hasn’t cracked so far as a result of the drops but I’m not entirely optimistic.
Discription not accurate. Did not fit tablet
I had one of these with white trim, but it was impossible to clean. The purple is more practical. The fit is perfect, and the little stand is very handy.
Plastic is very britte & cracked within a week!
This case is perfect for someone who doesn't want to add bulk to their phone. It is a slim design that gives you a secure feeling when holding your phone. The case is not slick feeling nor does it feel like a sticky rubber. Whatever it is made of is perfect. I would definitely recommend this case for someone looking for some protection, grip ability and a slim (non-bulky) design.
Fits perfectly. I'm not sure about the stylus as it doesn't fit anywhere but I'm happy with the case.
Awesome screen saver.
My wife is very happy with this case. The soft plastic makes it easy to put on, cushions the phone back and edges and it gives the phone a secure, no-slip feel in your hand. As noted in previous posts, the buttons built into the cover work well and make it easier to push the buttons.
Not quite the right fit for my phone
Great Product, Awesome seller
Case was broke not happy about that can't use it
Bought this for my wife's phone and she loves it especially the way it is configured so it does not slip in her hands.
Great case
Too small I have to returne it
Cant go wrong here.
Great case. Well built and stands up to wear and tear.
I got rid of my old case (also clear but with a front and back) because the front became discolored, probably from sweat and other gross stuff I don't want to think about. This case is one piece of hard- soft plastic: just enough give to stretch it over the back of your phone. Without a narrow front border I'm now constantly annoyed by the crumbs and dust that get trapped inside. I haven't had to put the protection of the case to the test but I'd be sure you've got a high quality screen protector. This case only protects the back.
DO NOT PURCHASE. NOT LIKE THE PIC AND THEY DO NOT WANT TO DO REFUNDS!!
Great item compact.
While the phone is ruggedized, I still wanted something to prevent the phone from getting all scraped and scuffed. I had another case, but ditched it because of the weight and bulk that it added. This is perfect, very slim and keeps the scratches on the case instead of the phone.
Kick stand breaks easily. Pretty good other than that
Had this case for about a year, then the kickstand broke so I just ordered a replacement. Very good protection, I drop my phone alot and it kept it from breaking
Good protection but bulky and hard to slide in and out of pockets.
Great case. Rugged. Durable. I feel like it will provide great protection for an expensive product!! Fits snuggly. Great value. Love the kickstand
Maybe it's my fault, okay it's definitely my fault but I was confused by the title of this item and ordered it thinking it would fit my Moto G4. The box my phone came in did not say it was a g4 play. This case is for the Moto G4 Plus.
Items rec'd open box, missing items and hand writing instruction..
Almost a year after this purchase, I am STILL using this phone case. It is stury and durable. The kickstand on the back has not broken or fallen off despite as much as I fidget with it. Best of all, my phone is still in one piece with no history of damage, period.
GOOD FIT
GOOD FIT
My phone seemed to get hot with it, otherwise, I liked it
Overall: Great case. Fits perfectly, durable, love the kickstand, and use it frequently. I would give 5 stars except that the opening for the 3.5mm jack is just a little too small. and does not allow most of my 3.5mm cables to plug all the way into the phone. In 10 seconds I drilled it out a little and now it works perfectly with all my cables.
Man I wish I read some of these reviews before ordering. Its not a hard glass but a flimsy vinyl sticker. That didn't even peel right when i tried to install it
Bought this for my 7 yr old for Christmas..it fits his Samsung tab 4 7.0 perfectly..It kind of reminds me of an Otterbox case..Got it for 5 bucks and some change, definitely worth it!! Before buying, seen a lot of complaints about it being broken, or the rubber part too flimsy..Mine came perfect, wasnt broken, the rubber lining was in good shape..the stand piece is a bit hard to open, but my son wont use it anyway, so not really a deal breaker for me..im tempted to superglue this case together and be done with it lol..seems like it would protect my sons tablet from anything and like I said, 5 bucks, cant beat that!
Easy to use, and seems protective but since I have not dropped the phone yet I don't know if it will really protect the phone. The only thing I would like is a stand that holds the phone vertically as well as horizontally. Wouldn't mind different colors either.
Good phone case for the price, love the kickstand feature. offers good drop protection.
Piece of crap
Overall good product. only issue is that kick stand is made of cheap plastic and broke shortly after purchase. Like the color and protection for the tablet.
Great case
So far so good!
Pretty case
is ok
The top connection pieces have snapped off. But it does keep my phone safe.
Both cases fit great, really liked them
Very eye catching all matte black covered even came with a black touch id cover that actually works!
Works very well, easy installation. Protects my phone very well. I have no complaints and the price was good as well.
Yellowed out in 2 weeks
Nice, sturdy case; however it does not fit the G4 or G4 Plus. The volume and on off buttons are inverted. Quality control forgot to check fitment.
It's strong and it does what it's intended. Looks good. It's a tiny bit thicker than the pictures suggest. The only problem I would have is that you can only really use it in landscape mode. I've only used it on a silicone / gel phone case.
Really nice case. Love the little stylus that came with it.
Product is well designed and don't make your phone look tacky. Great product at the right price.
This is a great functional, protective, and well-priced case. It's minimal but protective and has a good grippy feel. If your looking for sleekness or color, I would suggest avoiding the clear case. It looks okay from the front but does not look nearly as good as the picture online.
Reached on time. Durable material.
My second droid turbo and this case is excellent. Does not make the phone too big, fits perfect, stylish, you can't go wrong
THe case is nice and sturdy. Love the built in screen protector.
Fits nice and snug. I've always used cimo cases one my droids.
Love this product for all my iPhone and it protects my phone from not breaking and having to buy a new iPhone.My hubby is pretty tough on his phone especially out in the field at work. Dropped phone while carrying in groceries and to my amazement no damage!! Saved me a trip to store and saved me money for replacement. I drop my phone probably once a day and with this I don't have to worry about anything happening/damaging it.The case is rock solid, and I'm not worried about breaking another screen. The downsides are the size and that I can't seem to get anything but a genuine Apple cord to fit through the charging port in the bottom. I do wish is was water resistant. But as long as your not dropping it in water it still protects from rain.
Prefect fit, feels robust, love the kickstand
Walking in the house this evening I dropped my brand new Moto G4 from shoulder height onto concrete. Phone was undamaged! Works as it should! Fits well and easy to hold.
I liked that this was nice and slim, but mine broke within 2 weeks. It just snapped off the base.
Does a great job of protection. I've dropped my phone several times already and there is no damage to the phone and hardly a scratch on the case. Though because of comfort I had to give it a 4 star. The bumps along the side when holding horizontal can dig into the fingers. Although yes there is a kick stand its not the easiest to type messages in that style which forces you to hold and type. Speaking of the Kick stand, it's awesome. Still clicks into place and doesn't freely swing back and forth. It's also very easy to engage and simple to push it back in.
Very pleased. Cover fits perfectly without interfering with charger or headphone jack, and seems quite stout. Much more comfortable carrying around the new phone now
It comes with a screen protector and a stylus pen. It keeps the tablet protected by having a hard plastic cover around the tablet and a silicon cover around the hard plastic cover. It is lightweight and only adds a bit of bulk to the tablet. The girl really liked it and was really happy with it.
While a bit thicker and bulkier than I would like, I will say this: I've dropped my phones a couple times in this thing and it hasn't received a scratch. This case is truly like a tank. The flip stand works well when I'm watching a video in landscape, but it can't be used to prop up the phone in portrait mode. Get this case if you don't want to replace your phone because you dropped it and accidentally cracked your screen.
I'm very pleased with the cover. Was easy to install and is perfect for my Moto G4 plus. I recommended the item and seller!
We purchased this for my son's phone, he picked it out and he absolutely adores it. It was very easy to get the phone into the case properly. The case is pretty rugged and the rubber cushioning also gives it a bit of a grip to keep it from slipping out of his pocket. He frequently uses the kickstand to watch videos hands free.
I bought this for my son who has limited mobility. He tells me it works very well for him. The ring helps him hold his phone and when he gets tired he can set it down and use the speakerphone. It was a good purchase.
This case is awesome the price is perfect can't beat it. I have the ballistic nylon droid turbo and it fits perfect I got the clear love it and my husband got the black, can't believe at it
excellente product
Pretty, but difficult to text when cover is on. Have to press too hard.
Excellent I lover
It fits perfectly and looks great!
excellent!
It's purple so could there be anything wrong with it? Though the earphone jack is a bit covered by the case.
This thin case rawks bought another one because its that good!!
Good
Good case for male's phone.
Great fit and grip.
So far this case fits great and has done a great job protecting my phone. The stand on the back is a useful feature.
Perfect. Clear so I can see my beautiful blue phone. Not bulky. Smooth (not tacky soft rubber) so I can drop my phone in my pocket without it getting stuck. Great protection, exactly as I wanted.
Excellent!
Durable, strong and convenient. I really like this iphone 7 case with kickstand. It is very durable and fits my phone perfectly with easy access to all of my phone's buttons and charging units. This case would have gotten a 5 star but it did not come with a cover or belt/pocket clip, nevertheless it is a great case, it protects my phone and the convenient kickstand allows me to watch movies and videos hands free.
Perfect fit. Nice and sturdy.
Good value
It is not great looking but it is more convenient and provides good grip that prevents accidental phone dropping.
Fits iPhone 6 nice and snug. Easy to put on phone. The glass screen protector not easily applied. After many tries it still has big bubble in all 4 corners. Ordering different tempered glass protectors as a result!!
Works great!
Fits very well! Still have a small profile with the case on and can see the detail on the back of the phone!
Works great. Love that it doesn't stick out real far.
Great sizing and very cool looking as well as slim and decent grip for the material used
ok
This is my second purchase. The first one is still attached to my phone, just stretched out. I’ve had it for months, so is high quality.
I really love this durable case..it did fit my moto g4 plus a little bit snug..I had to physically cut the casing around the charger port to be able to charge my phone.. otherwise I'm happy with it😁
Fits great, have been using it for a while now. Dropped my phone many times, no problem so far, the stand works nice too.
I LOVE this case. fits well and is NOT loose at all. not a super flimsy cover. i use the stand all the time, very sturdy!
protects well
Works great
I do not recommend this item. I put it on my phone and it was locked so tight that it had to be pried off then snapped along one side near the screen. I understand you want something tight to protect the phone but if you can't get it off the phone without breaking it then it really isn't worth the money.
I feel like some of the bad reviews are from competitors because they're so off..the case is great (not crazy about the glass part, took it off) . It looks like I paid at least $20 For it. Nice soft matte smooth finish. Can't believe I only paid like $5. Worth it. It may not protect your phone like an otter box but you shouldn't expect it to.
I found it a little difficult to put the case on, but once on, it fit like a glove. I love the rubbery texture of the case. My table was slick and always slipping out of my hands. I don't have to worry about that anymore. The not the best quality, BUT it serves it purpose and is functional.
Okay
Perfect fit
I like the stand attachment on the back, but the buttons to control the power, and volume are to hard to push, so had to look for something else.
Great product, as described and even better in person. Covers the phone with minimal bulkiness. Very glad I made this purchase and so should you if you are thinking about it.
Nice rugged looking case. I like the added feautre of the kickstand to watch movies hands free.
I actually would give it 4 & 1/2 stars. It fits, it isn't completely perfect, but you can easily put it on and take it off which is a benefit. I also think that this case helps you grip the phone a little better. With this case you can also put on a glass/plastic screen protector to make it more durable. It will still allow the case to help create an enhanced lip. I personally would like it to have more of a soft rubbery feel, but that's just me. Price, quick shipping, customer reach out, they are on it.
cheap
Got this for my husband and while it does everything it says it would, he didn't like it because it was hard to get in and out of his pocket easily.
Very pretty and looks just great.
I love this case. The ridges on the side keep it from slipping out of your hands. Slimmer than Otterbox so it fits in your pocket easier.
This case, made specific for my new Motorola Moto G4 cellphone, has already protected it from drops and wet weather. It's design makes it easier to maintain a more solid grip than the smooth surfaces designed on cellphones. The detachable kickstand let's me view streaming shows and movies at a comfortable viewing angle. I like it!
Sturdy and affordable. I always have to get a case with a kick stand. This case works great.
Yes, it's a basic case, but I've used this style for my past 3 phones and sometimes less is more.. it protects the phone well for a fraction of an OtterBox..
Good for an inexpensive case.
And, it's manly! Hat-tip to EpicGadget!, more than seven months later, and the grand daughter is still very pleased. The screen cover and case are very good. Thank you, folks!
Fit the phone great and the stand works well
arrived quickly and fit perfectly
it was great.
I like the product. However, the insert that it comes with says that the parts and item are all made in America. The packaging says made in China. I'm returning the item due to false advertising.
Fits great, am using the prop stand way more than I ever thought I would. Seems sturdy, too, although I am usually wary of plastic parts that move. Recommendable.
Still on the phone for over a year
Fits perfectly, lightweight, durable, and the stand is very useful. Exactly what I wanted.
Wouldn't be without it. Comfortable, secure, easy to slip your fingers in. The best little device of its kind.
I bought this case for my daughters tablet and I have to say it's a very nice case! It's thick and also sturdy so if she drops it we don't have to worry. The only thing to be careful with is the pull out stand,it's kind of hard to pull out. Plus the shipping time was wonderful, I didn't expect it to be shipped so quick. Overall I definitely recommend this case.
Perfect fit, resists scratches, consistent feel, saves the phone! Will buy again!
I purchased this Black Matte Case for my son's new IPhone 7 Plus since he had it before for the iPhone 6S Plus and he liked it so much. It's slim design and smooth texture makes it easy to grasp without loosing the original look of your phone. Plus it comes with a convenient and easy to install Screen Protector. I like this case so much that I bought it for my iPhone 6 in Matte Gold. I have purchased other cases in the past but HONESTLY this case is the best. Once you try it, you'll know exactly what I'm saying. Also, Great Seller and Great Customer Service!! Thumbs up!!
Nice grip, good feel to it, even when it's set on vibrate!.
Mother in law says it fits her phone fine
looks great and offers really good protection
This cover is compact and will readily slide in and out of a pocket, yet offers a good grip when it's held. Combined with a screen shield of some sort, it offers good protection for the phone without unnecessary bulk. The rim on the cover helps protect the screen should the phone drop flat on its face.
Love it. The case fits perfectly.
The kick stand has been much more handy than I even imagined. Stand on dash to confirm navigation and on desk so I can use speaker phone while typing on computer. Good call
Exactly what I wanted and expected. Fits my Nook 7& 34; perfectly! Gives protection against drops and the the screen protector guards against scratches.
Worth the money I paid and then some.
Just as the item is described, the case snapped on easily and with a kickstand my kid was happy as a clam to have something to protect his phone investment. I hope it stands the test of time and will update more after a month of use.
Great case! Looks nice, with good grip and it gives great protection. Just what I was looking for. This plus the screen protector, and the phone is ready to go. I love the little kick stand too. Perfect gift for my mom. I recommend it.
Doesnt protect front of phone.
Una funda muy buena y protector de my alta calidad
It's a nice, padded case that comes with a stylus, but it lacks any kind of integral screen protector, instead supplying you with one of those absurd adhesive sheets. If you've ever tried to actually use one of these, you know how superior a screen protector that's actually attached to the case is. Nonetheless, I made good use of this case for.. approximately 2 weeks. Then the kickstand came off. I'd be more irritated if it weren't so cheap, I suppose.
It works
Arrived before estimated time and was exactly as advertised.
good for some things not for others.
This case..is well cheap definitely get what you pay for..wait I should say cheap cuz it is a nice case for the price, but the glass that comes with it? Not so much. I would buy another glass protector but the best ones are full Coverage and I'm pretty sure the case won't fit. The problem is the glass just doesn't quite fit or adhere very well, lower right corner will Not stay down; maybe in time it will but I doubt it. And you probably can't get replacement glass if it does happen to break or something, I'm sure it will offer protection as far as the case goes. But unfortunately I will probably be on the search for yet another case and may pay a little bit more but I'm sure it will be worth it.
Perfect fit for my Samsung Galaxy s5 active
This was a decent case for the price. I do feel as though my tablet is protected. The pastic appears cheap and possibly a little unfinished but it does the trick.
This is the only case cover for my cell phones I will ever buy. Thank you so much.
The case was fine but the included screen protector was damaged had to get a replacement.
A tight fit, nice feel in the hand. Very satisfied!
My daughter loves the stand and it was at a great price.
It's cute and simple but not protective at all! it's plastic and flimsy
Excellent protective case for the Moto G4 Plus smartphone. My phone would have been destroyed several times already if not for this case. Also, the little built-in stand came in handy for watching Netflix at night while we were travelling through Europe.
Really like this for daily use. Easy to hold onto when reading. Like the color pink. I use a case that covers the screen for travel.
slim super
Bought this for my son in law. He is very happy with this case. It is slim and fits in his front pocket. He received the package earlier than expected. E is very satisfied with the case.
I loved the look and feel of this case but it did not protect my phone at all. My phone dropped from about a foot off the ground, fell on its corner and the screen shattered.
I like it too
Product carried as advertised and fits perfectly!
I wanted a clear case that could showcase the ballistic nylon back of my Droid Turbo. I was a bit surprised when this arrived because for some weird reason I thought it was completely clear. I think I thought the matte area was simply the lighting effect of the picture. lol That said, I can still see the back of the phone. Now to what really matters: the case fits perfectly, it's a breeze to put in and take out, and has soft button covers. I've had a previous case to mhy Galaxy S4 that made it almost impossible to push the buttons, so this was a big relief. If I could make one suggestion, I'd make the lower lip a bit bigger so it would get closer to the glass. But really, that's just a detail that probably wouldn't make the case any better in real-world use. All in all I am extremely satisfied for what I got.
Like how it feels and it hold the phone great and protect it.
Would be better if the ring rotated.
A good case for the SF Active. Works well and looks good. Sleek, secure and protects well, too.
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
very durable, a bit heavy but sure protects the cell phone!
Nice case. I do wish the back was a little more durable. I haven't put the case under any tests but I'm not sure how it will hold up. I was given a discount on this item but i was not influenced in my review.
Durable rugged case. Looks really good too.
For my cell phone and to viewing movies on the go.
it works great for phone
Great shipping and fits like a glove.
No good
This cover does a really good job of protecting my phone and I like the stand.
Finally found a case that fits the ballistic nylon backed Droid Turbo perfectly. I really like the look of the clear case, the buttons feel firm but nice, and there's a built in grip on both sides for a comfortable and confident holding experience.
thin
99 cents I ordered this case as a special with the MOTO G PLUS. I figured, how could I go wrong. The design is well thought out. I love the little stand on the back which sets the phone at a perfect 45 degree angle. There covers that protect the buttons that still allow the buttons to function. The fit is precise and all of the little ports line up perfectly. The knobby exterior does not let my phone to slip out of my pocket so I think that shirt drops will not be a problem. The knobby exterior will also allow spills to flow out instead of flowing into a port. Well done.
It looked and felt as expected for the price
Item does not fit the phone it says it should fit . Too big
I have it less than a month And the screener came off my phone got wet ( did test it before I put my phone in it) it works at first now that I’m actually going in the water and using it not working.
purchased for my sister in law as she could not find one reasonable even at Walmart. She loved it.
case has plastiky feel, not the grippy neoprene feel I expected. otherwise quite good.
Received item a couple days ago, took off my old case and put on the new one. All I can say is..AWESOME! I Always wished for a case that displayed the backside of the Droid Turbo and this case isnear perfect! You can see part of the back of the phone..kinda wish it showed more of it but this one's good. Got one for my wife as well and she loves it. Would recommend to anyone to get this case!
I bought this case honestly for my wife's phone because it was inexpensive. It has held up so well! Very nice case!
Overall, this is a great case for the money. It's a little stiffer than I expected. It's more of a hard plastic vs. rubbery feeling.
A little bulky for me, but tough and rugged.
Was easy to put on the phone and I believe that it sturdy enough. Would be better if it included the screen cover that is necessary to keep the screen safe. I purchased that from another vendor.
The size is way off. Did not fit my galaxy tab 4.
We had the older ones on our S5 for years. The new ones are really nice. We use them on our S8 active.
Great case! Has saved my phone multiple times.
The case is rugged but not too bulky, and I like the kickstand. I have issues with the phone itself :-(.
just fine!!
Looks great. Gives a nice grip.
The case is durable and protects the phone. I like being able to see the ballistic nylon on the back of my phone which was hidden by my case.
Great case
My smartphone is safe now.
Christmas gift for my daughter faster than predicted. Can't wait to put it on her tablet. Thanks!
Good, I like it
Fits like a glove. I have no fear of dropping my phone, none whatsoever. The button placement is perfect. I take pictures and work the volume rocker just like the case wasn't there.
The stand is convenient and actually stays in place. It has texture so is not slippery when held and the color is easy to find whenever you put it down.
Great product, many new colors
I'm really starting to believe that phone makers make their phones like wet bars of soap so you'll drop them and buy replacements. This cheap case fixes that problem. It's such a shame motorola can't just build the grips into the phone.
Great fitting with a good texture for protection when phone drops but yet slick enough to slide into pocket.
I had bought 3-4 cases in the 3-4 months after buying my Samsung S5A. And each onwas bulkier than the last. I gave up and had my phone without a case for awhile because I had given up on finding an actually slim case for my phone. I decided to try again after a bit, and am so happy I did. This case is PERFECT. It is actually slim as advertised! It has a great amount of grip, not too much, but still very easy to grip. And it protects my phone perfectly! I could not ask for more (except different colors.. I had to go with black because the rest of them were either ugly or wouldn't match with the forest green face plate of my camo S5A.)
My wife loves the case. It's her favorite one yet. You made her happy.
It wont stick on the phone and it cracked
Works well , fits good . what appears silver in the picture is clear/hazy silicon
Fits well on my Turbo.
I'm so so happy I got this for my tablet , seriously right after I attached it I dropped it and I feel it handled it pretty so damage to my phone. It's easily attachable too and I recommend this to anyone!!
great
Great little case. Not bulky and I love the textured sides for grip. Looks great on the phone and it was a great price.
My 4 year old had this thing for like 2 years now its beat up now but so far protected the tablet so I can't complaint it did well for the price!!
Nice fit and good protection.
I really like it
Nice product..
It is strong, yet it looks nice.
Cute, but offers minimal protection.
Love it
The kick stand broke
easy to handle love it
The case fit my phone perfectly and it looked nice. However, after having it on for less than five minutes I dropped my phone and my screen cracked. Don't waste your money!
Hasn't broke yet, so it's good in my book
Fit great and does the job for the price. Only issue that I've got is that it's completely yellowed over time, hence the 3 stars. Added bonus: got a handwritten thank you with purchase. Very nice touch.
The case is worth the money and I'm happy with it. However it took along time to arrive.
Very tough durable case
This case fits my Droid Turbo perfectly without adding bulk. I like the textured sides that make gripping the Turbo easier. I also like the clear portion of the back which allows for a clear view of the cool ballistic nylon. I think it's the best case for the Turbo.
False ad. Product is not what is in the main photo.
Its been very durable I like it not being heavy as a otter box
This is a terrible case. You can't use the pull up function. Also the screen is too thick making it unaccessible to home button. This case destroyed my iphone. It truly sucks. I wouldn't want it even if it's free.
Fits very well, and gives decent protection. The stand on the back is a very nice addition, and it feels firm and solid. The camera cut out is clean, and unobstructed, as is the charging cable port. The control buttons on the side work just fine.
I've used it for about 10 days now, and so far it has held up great. 4/5 stars because the charge port cutout is (very slightly) to small for the factory charger, but aftermarket chargers seem to fit ok. Additionally, I'd like it if the inner rubber case was a little more pliable, but maybe I'm used to the feel of cases I've owned in the past. So far this case has protected my phone from at least 2-3 drops so maybe having a more rigid inner case is a good thing. For clarification, this is a 2 piece case; the first wrap around case is slightly more rigid than other cases of the same style. The button pads work great and are lined up perfectly. The outer case snaps around the 4 corners and includes the kickstand. The stand is great on its side. No vertical stand position tho. The look and feel of the case is higher quality than cases I've had in the past from this price range. Admittedly, my expectations were exceeded when I opened and installed the case. Normally, I need to order 3 or 4 cases before I find one I like. This was a home run on the first try.
It was pretty, it was the one I ordered, but it was too big. Huge, in fact.
Love this case. Thin design. The iphone is great without but this case will keep it thin
Great case! Doesn't stick in your pocket and looks good on the phone!
works good. camera is not working correctly when you shake the phone
Best cover yet! It's protective but not thick. Still keeps the thin feel of the actual phone. Looks sleek. GREAT buy!
GOOD PRICE
Great product
Better than pop lock
Great fit, just what I needed
Just got it but so far so good. Glass went on easy, nice slim case, seems most protective without the bulk
Very happy so far and it fits perfectly
Love it.
Fiance loved this!!
Looks different from the image. The white outlines are wider than they appear in the images here. Also had it for less than 24 hrs and there's a large air bubbles in it. The seal is very rough and evident. I would buy this item from a different buyer.
Best most durable case. I was on the roof painting and it dropped out of my pocket and slid off roof I was sure my phone was a goner. It cracked the corner of case but phone was 100% fine. Ordering a new one!
I bought this case to replace a Happy Hours slim case that I really loved that became unavailable. It appeared in the photos that this might be the same case with a different name. This one is even better! It has the same matte finish but is a bit thicker. The details differ slightly, for the better. I dropped the phone onto the concrete on its corner with the previous thinner case and there was no damage, so I'm sure this thicker case will be even better. Case is gorgeous. The only & 34;down side& 34; is that the black color makes it easy to lose the phone when in low light conditions against dark surfaces like on the car floor, on black sheets, etc. It's totally worth it though! UPDATE: The satin finish starts to peel after just a few weeks of use. It's looking pretty shabby after about 4 weeks of use (see pic). The Happy Hours case didn't peel anything like this bad after 6 months of use. It should look OK again, but shinier after it all peels off.
Don't use kickstand much but this is tough, feels good and solid with no worry of damaging, plus it looks cool!
Great cover!!Looks like part of phone
This is a great product. It has already paid for itself, protecting from a couple of significant falls. Fit is secure and doesn't feel as bulky as you may think based on looks.
Great case with a functional kick stand
Great product. I got compliments from several people
Black rubber broke..
Love the case, fits the Droid Turbo like a glove. It is also fairly light weight and not bulky compared to other cases. I recommend it for all Turbo owners.
After several months of daily use I still really like the look and feel of this case, and it fits my Moto G4 perfectly. It is heavily textured for easy grip (my hands are largish), and is not slippery. Its buttons (power, volume) are a bit stiff, but that is preferable IMHO. The kickstand is a nice touch, and is flush with the back. Can't beat it (especially for the price)!
Case is durable, kickstand is useful. Can't beat it for $5
Fits well, cheap and quick shipping. Why spend $40 on big brand, protects well and not as bulky
Excellent latest generation Android phone with much better specs than my 2 year old Samsung Note 3
Update: I’m taking a star away because it’s already flaking. Boo. Definitely frustrated that it has the logo on it when the main photo shows no logo. That’s literally the only reason I went with this one.
Fits well but its really not worth more than a couple dollar. Its the same as you can get on ebay for 2 bucks. After a month my phone still looks new when the cover is off.
It did not fit the Droid Maxx tightly but fit as added protecting over another case.
Arrived on time. Exactly what I expected. :-)
This is going to be perfect for the Tablets I purchased for Gifts.
just what I expected good price worth the money
This thing is perfect. I replaced a Beyond cell Tri shield case with this one (clear version), this one wins. It's not too bulky, it feels sturdy not cheap, it shows off your phones looks which is a big part of the droid turbos appeal. I have the ballistic nylon, orange metallic accent droid turbo. It feels great in your hand, not slippery but grippy. I highly recommend this case for your turbo, ballistic nylon version. The price is great, Just buy it!
Looked cheap
the case fits great and there is no problems with charging or head phones. It's the best case I've used for my phones, I had one on the last phone I had so I got one for this one 2
Cheap,plastic,not acceptable
Sturdy slip-proof case with a kickstand to allow you to watch or read hands free. Many highlight color choices.
Unfortunately, dropping the phone from less than 3”, it fell off the phone and didn’t protect the phone
Works great
Was Purchased On Accident By One Of My Kids But I Have Decided To Keep It & I'm Glad That I Did .. I Love The Glitter On The Inside It's Just Beautiful 😍😍
I would highly recommend the Oeago Case [Shockproof/Impact Protection] at Amazon which works exceptionally well, and comes with a free stylist that works great with this smartphone.
Beautiful. Got lots of compliments! Hard as hell to get on my phone.. Probably will be impossible to get off
Love this case. It is very therapeutic when I am stressed. Was told to be careful because if they break or leak, it is very toxic.
Had a case similar to this on the Note 4 and I loved it I wish it came up the sides more other than that this case is great
Very nice, hard to put on my phone though, and it leaves the front of the phone completely unprotected.
For four years I had THE best case for my small LG. So soft and comfy. Bought a new Moto G 4th gen recently and I like it, but there aren't many cases to choose from for that model (that have a kickstand). The ones I like are only for the smaller Moto. It's sturdy enough, BUT.. 1) The lip on the front isn't wide enough to protect the screen in case you drop the phone on an uneven surface. 2) The ridges on the side bother me. I want something softer and smooth. 3) The kickstand only works for horizontal viewing. I would return this but it's probably more hassle than if I just kept it. :(
Would have been good, but the description was misleading and it's too small
Because the Galaxy Tab 4 is so slippery and quite hard to handle, I got this Gadget on it. I was so suprized to see that it comes with a Stylist as well as a Screen Protector for such a low price. But decided to take a chance on it. Well, it is the best thing for my tab 4. It is very well made and fits like a glove! The little stand is also very handy.
Couldn't have gotten a better deal for my money
Fit phone perfect, no complaints so far!
Good case!
I have bought 3 cases for 3 phones from this brand over the past 5 years. The color part is a soft shock absorbing piece while the outer black is a hard plastic. Multiple phones in out home have withstood drops and falls with this case. It is easy to hold. The stand works well (a bit difficult to open sometimes but seems very sturdy), and so far I have not had one stand clip break on these. Obviously I am pleased with this product because I keep buying them
The material is sturdy and it has a thin design, however, I am really disappointed about having a random logo on it. It is not necessary. The main photo of the product doesn’t show a logo that’s why I bought it. Update: I changed my review from 3 to 4 stars. Below is my reason: It’s been more than a week since I got the ring holder and it’s holding up very well. I dropped my phone on the ground and the ring holder is still intact. I also realized the ring is turnable so you can adjust it to different angles based on your need. Few days ago, a representative from Attom Tech reached out to me due to my review about the logo. He explained that the newest versions don’t have a logo on them, however, since Amazon warehouses still have the older versions left, customers might receive the ones with a logo. The representative offered to send me another one just to see if I would get the newer version. He/she didn’t ask me to revise my review for the service. I received a new ring holder today as promised but sadly, it still has a logo on it. However, due to their proactive customer service, they should receive a better rating than a 3-star. I will wait for a bit and re-purchase again since I really like the quality of the material, hopefully, I will receive a new version next time. TL;DR: If you don’t mind having a logo on the ring holder, you should get it. It’s sturdy and thin (about 1/8 of a inch). And if you have any questions about the product, you can trust that the company has great customer service that’s willing to work things out with you. They read your reviews!
Took for ever to get here, and very cheaply made.
This case is really, really nice. Goes on like a clamshell and looks wonderful! Do yourself a favor and put the case on BEFORE the screen protector and it will line up perfectly. Enjoy!
The case itself is very nice and rugged. I would love this case IF it fit my phone. I have a Moto G4. Great phone. This case is too big for my phone. There is a gap about a quarter inch that let's the phone slide around and the phone falls out sometimes. This is the second DIFFERENT case and DIFFERENT brand. Last case had the same problem. Does anyone have a case that actually fits the G4 properly? Let me know!
It's just a very thin piece of rubber for $10? False advertising in my opinion. This case should be half the price!
Great product, terrific price and quick delivery. What more can you ask for.
Excellent case for the money. A good change from my Otter Box which I use for heavy use (biking, etc.). Fits just right on phone and all access points are easily used. Sides have non-slip grooves and back has a cool design/material that aids in gripping. Slim profile of phone with this case allows after market leather belt phone holders to be used with ease.
Ugly as sin but effective.
As advertised, highly recommend!
Had this same case on my RAZR M and it did the job, couple falls without damage. Only problem is the clear case faded to yellow last time, hope this one doesn't.
Fits very nice and snug, just as slippery as the phone without a case though and I mainly bought for the & 34;grip& 34; it was supposed to have but its very smooth rubber. Still a nice case though so I am going to keep and use.
Protects and fit well!!
Wow, I usually get the thick phone cases with a kickstand but decided to go with a thinner model this time. I absolutely love this case and it fits my Droid Turbo Ballistic Nylon perfectly. Not too soft or not too hard just a great feeling cover with a anti-slip side grip!
It did not fit properly. I had to order something else.
Pros: Feels solid, hasn't broken or come off. Cons: The stand's support does not slide into place on it's own, you have to manually push it down to lock it in place. If you don't, the stand will likely collapse when bumped or if placed on a not totally flat surface. The ribbing on the rubber part has rather rough/sharp edges. Not enough to hurt, but it's not comfortable to hold. I thought they would wear down with use, but so far that hasn't happened. I guess that is a testament to the strength of material.
I love it
Amazing thank you very much
The case is solid but the stand is junk.
Much better than expected. It has grip yet it easily slides into my pocket. most likely the best phone case ive ever owned.
Fit perfectly
It is advertised to fit the Moro G4 plus but it doesn’t match up with the buttons/camera/aux outlet so BUYER BEWARE these DO NOT fit the G4 Plus
Just a little too heavy for me.
Not bad at all. Very sturdy and protects all the vulnerable spots well. The kickstand in the back is a bit rigid but it still does it's job.
The rugged construction & design of this case is perfect for my needs. The ribbed design provides a great grip, keeping the phone in your hand and stops the slip drops so common in other cases.
My tempered glass didn't fit with this case anyone else have this problem
Purchased for my husband. He's really tough on his phone so he needed something rugged but lightweight that would keep his phone safer. This fits his Moto phone perfectly and the rubberized material provides good grip for holding on (less drops) and protects the phone when it is dropped. The little kick-stand has come in handy too. Fun, bright blue color dresses up the phone and makes it easier to spot when he puts it down somewhter. Recommended.
The clip on back for use as stand breaks easily.
Screen was shattered when i recieved it
Get it if u want to protect ur child tab.
Cute case however it broke in less than 2 weeks. Guess that's what I get for the only paying for a low price.
I received my case today and is on as I'm writing this review. It fits the phone fine and all buttons and ports are able to use normally. The keyboard is not an issue with case on as can be with some phones and cases. The grip texture on the sides is a good feeling when gripping your phone. The Turbo is kind of slippery without a case. The clear case allows the metallic colored buttons to be seen. The case goes on and off quickly and easily. I feel this case would protect my Turbo if dropped, but not about to test that. The wireless charger works flawlessly with case on not that it is a critical requirement for me, but it's a definite plus. The case gives a comfortable feel and I'd recommend this case to all Turbo owners.
This is not tempered glass and it's ugly. I wouldn't even put it on my phone because my phone is beautiful and I didn't want to take away from it's aesthetic beauty.
Had to send it back. Didn't work.
Had to send it back. Didn't work.
I have a large phone OnePlus 7 Pro and the car magnet barely could hold my device in place. The phone would rotate and I couldn't get it to stay upright when I had the charger cable in. Eventually after few weeks the ring broke.
I bought this case several months ago and am still very pleased with it today! It has done a great job of protecting my phone, yet still showing the cool backing of my droid turbo.
Absolutely love it.
This case is pretty good, the case I had before had a weak stand that broke after while and this one's stand is more durable. I've been looking for something that can connect with a keychain and can't seem to find anything that doesn't have some drawback
Wrong case
PERFECT for Moto g4! It is NOT as bulky as it looks in the pic. It's more like a slim case with grip. Some reviewers have mentioned they thought it was going to be softer on the sides. One reviewer said it & 34;hurt& 34; their fingers to hold! NOT TRUE! The phone fits snugly into the color piece which has a little give and the black piece snaps into place over that which is a firmer hold. I live in Florida where it gets hot and hot means in and out of air conditioning, hot cars, the sun which leads to warm, sometimes sweaty hands and condensation. The sides of this case are SO GREAT FOR GRIP! It might not be spongy like some of the silicone cases but those can get slippery. Instead of making the back smooth they added a texture, again, for better grip and control. The kick stand lays very flat when in place. Some said it was hard to unlatch or open but, yet again, my husband who has NO nails ( LOL ) had no problem getting it open. I bought an Ailun glass screen protector for Moto g4 and it fits beautifully and was super easy to install ( Amazon ). Then I installed this case. It's picture perfect. Really. This review is coming from an unfortunately ( sometimes ) terribly OCD analytical female. Trust me, I spent a good week searching and researching cases all over the internet. Poor husband, right? LOL Anyway, the buttons on the side couldn't be better. They are just firm enough to have to push and not too soft they accidentally push while holding the phone. Other cut outs, perfectly aligned. Bottom line? I'm sure you can guess. This case is a winner.
It's a good case. Does the job.
Ring will not stay down after a month
I absolutely love this case and have had several inquiries as to where I purchased it! The item fits like a glove, is rugged and I have, unfortunately, dropped the phone from about four feet in the air on several occasions. I love the way it converts into a stand - you simply can't beat the price either. I highly recommend this product and would give it six stars if I was able too!
perfect
love the case purchased for son but then comes the bad news broken screen!!
Great case for my phone at a great price. Love the side view stand. All for 7 bucks. No brainer a
I didnt like much from this (except the color maybe? Idk I'm stretching it there). Listen, this thing is TOO slim meaning it digs into your fingers and is mighty uncomfortable. 2and, when u first get it (I mean the first hour lol) it's nice and sturdy. But after that it loosens right up and looks like a janitors keychain at the back of ur phone within the day. After that, after using it (quite uncomfortably) for about 2 days it just "snapped." Boom. Done. Wow. Cool. That was worth it. Folks, truth is u cant get a slim phone ring and expect it to be comfy so maybe that's not all thier fault. But the build quality starts to lack when u make it slim too and u just end up with a piece of metal at the end of the day. Just save ur money and either buy a pop socket or just buy a larger phone ring. They truly arent "THAT" much bigger and they even help with security in the case u drop ur phone and need some extra help keeping ur phone looking nice. When u buy a larger one It will hold the sturdiness better and also b a ton more comfortable. Truly a win/win. In conclusion I can NOT recommend this product at this time. Save ur money. Thanks. -TBone-
I didnt like much from this (except the color maybe? Idk I'm stretching it there). Listen, this thing is TOO slim meaning it digs into your fingers and is mighty uncomfortable. 2and, when u first get it (I mean the first hour lol) it's nice and sturdy. But after that it loosens right up and looks like a janitors keychain at the back of ur phone within the day. After that, after using it (quite uncomfortably) for about 2 days it just "snapped." Boom. Done. Wow. Cool. That was worth it. Folks, truth is u cant get a slim phone ring and expect it to be comfy so maybe that's not all thier fault. But the build quality starts to lack when u make it slim too and u just end up with a piece of metal at the end of the day. Just save ur money and either buy a pop socket or just buy a larger phone ring. They truly arent "THAT" much bigger and they even help with security in the case u drop ur phone and need some extra help keeping ur phone looking nice. When u buy a larger one It will hold the sturdiness better and also b a ton more comfortable. Truly a win/win. In conclusion I can NOT recommend this product at this time. Save ur money. Thanks. -TBone-
still have it, awesome case
Returned it because it did not fit. Never got refund.
The case is super sleek and offers a lot of protection without the bulk. I'm very happy with this case.
Second day the stand broke. Durable outside layer. Just bought this for the stand for the most part. A bit sad.
Too weak and color isnt matching the photo
After a year and a half the silicone part is falling off, but other than that, it's still kickin'! And it's been used by a 3 year old a LOT!
Worked and protected well
I had bought another case before that made my phone bug and bulky. So I returned it and got this one. Its perfect. It fits the ballistic nylon driod turbo great and doesn't make the phone bulky at all. And if you have a hip case for it too the phone still fits in the hip case with this case one it. All in all a good deal for the price.
The case fit perfect, still have it
Great case. Hard to take back off though.
Bought this for my droid turbo and I love it. It fits perfectly and gives my phone excellent protection. The volume buttons on side make it easier to lower and raise the volume. I would purchase another if needed.
This case is pretty good - keeps me from unintentionally touching the sides of the screen, I'd trust it to keep my phone safe from trauma, and it even has a nifty and very useful kickstand. For $9, this case is a steal. Great quality for the price. Two things I don't like: the nubs on the side of the case are painful, and the kickstand is really stiff and hard to open. That's about it.
The screen protector that comes with is is good, however the case itself should only be used as an accessory. Dropped it once and it broke. As a decorative case for use maybe once or twice a week it's great but not as a long term case.
Adhesive
Dropped it one time, the case broke. Not very sturdy. Pretty thin, and cheap. Worst phone case I’ve bought off of amazon.
It's a decent case for the money. Hard to put on initially, but after a few hours in the case the phone can easily be taken on and off. Button are easy to push and covered. Charger port is big enough to accommodate charger as well. Good protection and a kickstand too.
Nice product. I've had this case or one just like it previously and liked it. It's durable and I like the stand. Needless to say, I would buy again if I needed another case.
I really appreciate the grip on this case, it's so much easier to hold onto without the fear of it slipping out of my fingers or sliding off my lap. The 3D effect of the case is great and causes it to highly unlikely that the screen will ever be damaged if dropped. Great airflow throughout the case to keep it from overheating.
awesome case for the price. the only thing that bugged me was the kickstand. if it went in further so the grip side would be used more when phone is set down that would be cool. also i wish it had better edge texture for grip too.
I ordered this for a Galaxy Tab 4 and it fit perfect. The only thing is its made cheap plastic wise. once you put the rubber case on over it that helps a little.
Not tempered glass! The gold color is dull and does not match the gold phone. I feel like I got ripped off!
Very glittery
Product
This really is a great case for your Droid Turbo. Slips right on with perfect ease. Couldn't be happier.
Moto G phone fits snugly and easily in the case. The case itself comes it two pieces. The ridges on the case makes the phone easy to hold and grip. The kickstand is a plus for viewing movies, vids, etc. There are holes in all the right spots and the material is molded to easily use the on/off button and volume. I bought the green color which appeared much brighter in the listing and if I had to choose again would probably go with another color. Overall very pleased with the performance and price. Edit: Green color once it becomes dirty, the dirt becomes ingrained into the plastic. So at some point in the future, your case if you go with green may end up this way.
I've only had the case for a few days and it has a nice look & feel with a sleek design and areas that improve the grip-feel of an otherwise very smooth phone.
Fits the Moto G4 nicely. It doesn't add a lot of width or weight to the phone. I do like the indentations on the sides of the phone. They are nice to hold on to the phone. The stand works nicely.
Easy to break
Solid case. Great for the price.
Exactly as described!
Received case as a gift, Amazon Prime purchase, Case does not fit tightly leaving a gap on one side. The case is flexible, so I kept bending the side inwards placing it on and off the phone, and with each attempt adjusting the side. After much-repeated bending, the gap went from 3 inches to 1/2 inch and has now disappeared. However, that side is not snug and remains flexible. The other side has a tight fit. Because it remains & 34;loose& 34; I believe it could possibly slide off with protracted use. I will use it, but intend to order a different case with an HD screen protector.
I bought this case for my daughters tablet and it has been dropped several times with no damage. Great Case for a child's tablet
Good product for the price but I would never recommend using the stand, it's very cheaply made and digs into the tablet leaving scratches in the back of it. The screen protector is a nice addition but it's also cheap, it took 20 mins to get the bubbles out and I had to use screen cleaner on it twice to remove left over stickiness. For 10 dollars though it's worth the buy to protect your tablet.
fits perfect
I wanted something narrow to fit in my small wallet and this was perfect, as is the color, which matches my dark phone perfectly!
Really like the look and feel of this case. Doesn't give my phone an overly bulky feel. It's exactly what I needed. Not to mention, I don't have to worry about damaging my phone if I drop it.
nice cover
Perfect fit. And an excellent price. I have used Cimo cases for other phones, and will continue to use them. I've had no problems with any cases fitting different devices. Would recommend!
So far, so good.
great product! Great seller!
So thin and soft, come w a glass screen protector 👌 i loved it.
Serves its purpose as described .. I recommend it.
This is inexpensive and will not protect your phone from a two inch drop. Fits perfectly though.
Didn't stick waste of my money & time never again!! 👎
Didn't stick waste of my money & time never again!! 👎
Great product! Fits my phone perfectly and keeps protected very well!
It does the job. I love the part on the back which helps it stand. Not bad for the price.
Nice
It's Super Thin, you can put it in your pocket or seemingly flat on a table and also it rotates and holds up well.. I'd say give it a shoot it's works well for me.
Doesn't protect the phone.. i dropped my phone and the screen cracked. I had to replace the screen. Not worth it..
Clear case shows off that beautiful nylon, baby! Textured sides keep the phone in your hands Slim, and generally nice looking -Makes the volume and power buttons hard to press -The plastic started yellowing after a month or so -Dust and other gunk sneak under the edge of the case My phone needs a case. In my youth I thought otherwise, but after dropping and cracking the screens on four (count 'em, 4) consecutive phones, I've accepted that I am a klutz, that I am prone to dropping things, and that, as such, my phone needs a case. No one wants to cover up the Ballistic Nylon on this beautiful beast, though, so I set out to find a transparent case and tried out this one. It was.. okay. First impressions: Slim and adds very little bulk to the phone. The sides have a rough, grippy texture which help keep it in your hands (obviously a boon for this reviewer's butterfingers). And obviously, it's transparent but only partially (the Amazon image is pretty accurate). It feels nice in your hand, especially with the cutout over the Motorola & 34;M& 34; creating a natural resting place for your finger on the back of the phone. After a few minutes, though, you realize the buttons on this case aren't very good. You have to press quite hard, but mostly they don't give you much feedback. You can't feel much of a & 34;click& 34; when you depress the button. Often I'd have to press the power button twice because (apparently) I hadn't pressed hard enough the first time. It's a very mild but very frequent annoyance and I almost returned the case after two weeks. Still, I stuck around for another month because I wanted a transparent case, dammit. But then the plastic started yellowing, and I found that I was always cleaning pocket-lint that got stuck right under the edge of the case. And at that point I stopped using the case, because I was only sticking around for the looks anyway.
perfect fit
Good enough for the price paid and the shipping was fast.
This is a good case for the price. the side ridges are fairly hard and can make your hand sore after holding it a while, but other than that its good.
Has already saved my phone multiple times.
This case fit my Droid Turbo just fine. Mine is the Ballistic Nylon. I looked at a few cases and the ones with just holes for the camera flash said they messed with pictures. This has the whole camera area open and works fine. Rubbery feel to the case so not slippery. Had a Cimo case on my old Razr M and always liked it. Good case, good company with good shipping. Well worth the money, you won't be disappointed.
Well, amazon peer pressured into writing this. All I have to say is that it's a case that does a sufficient job. Happy?
got this because I bought a new droid turbo and it has some purple and a cool fabric backing but didn't want to not use a cover or to get the fabric on the phone dirty, works well. wish it was all crystal clear but don't really care that much. I works well. Ive dropped my phone a handful of times already and not a single scratch. Love this bumper like case.
Excellent product! Fits perfectly. And looks great too. Couldnt be happier with my choice to make this purchase. Recommend highly!!
The opaque part on the back gives a good grip along with the little bumps on the side. It's easy to put on and very inexpensive.
Case is inexpensive which was a plus but the plastic clips are small and the rubber inlay is constantly coming off. For a cheap case it is what it is but quality is subpar.
It's very beautiful to look at..does not stick to the phone screen n break easily. I bought 2 of them from different companies and both broke inside my vest pocket.
Love this case. Very thin but hopefully will still save the phone if dropped. Only problem is that the opaque makes a red Moto Droid Turbo look a little like pink.
I really liked the see through look of this case. It seemed to be made well. I truly wish it had been a bit smaller. It was just too large for my Droid Maxx.
Fits perfectly on my Ballistic Nylon phone, as described. Note that the "wave" on the back is actually a textured section on the back, not just some "photoshopping" of the back.. it's not "clear" there, but rather "translucent". Not a problem at all, but just something to note. (I thought it was a photoshop to show that the cover does cover the back, ie it's not just a bumper-case). The textured area is actually a little "slicker" than the clear area, but that's not a big deal to me either. I love that the cover fully-covers the switches, so that they are less likely to get dirt/dust in there.. that's why I specifically chose such a case.. and it delivered perfectly on this promise. I bought a clear one and a purple one, for our two phones. The purple is rather vibrant, just like the picture shows.. I like it!
As described
Too snug for my hands, and I have smaller hands. My fingers started to go numb after 5 minutes of usage. Also, agree with others that there is no 'do-over' if you don't like the first location you choose for attachment.
Phone fell on the corner and the entire screen shattered. There was no shock absorption even though it is advertised. Anytime it fell on the front or back, no issues. So the weakness is definitely the corners.
Ok, received the case yesterday and it is exactly what I expected. It fit my phone perfectly. It adds no noticeable weight to the phone and is thin enough that it really doesn't add extra bulk. It has good grip - enough that it will not slip out of your hand unless you almost completely open your fingers. Had no trouble at all connecting the charger or headphones. (Don't have a Qi charger, so I can't comment on that) It looks exactly like the picture - you can clearly see the nylon pattern through the clear sections and the frosted part is just that. And of course, the price is right (just under $10 when I got mine) - The side buttons are slightly more difficult to use with the case on, but just barely, and not much worse than any other case I've used. Note: This case is designed to fit the Droid Turbo Ballistic Nylon phone, which from the research I've done is slightly thicker than the Metalized Glass Fiber backed Droid Turbo phones. So if you have an MGF model, this case may not fit right, which may also explain some of the 1 ratings complaining that it doesn't fit. Also: It is a thin case, so obviously there is a trade off on protection. It will protect against nicks and dings from everyday use, but if you drop it there is not much between your phone and the ground. Just know going in that if you want great protection, pay for an Otterbox or Lifeproof case. (None of this was enough for me to lower my rating - just good to know before you buy) All-in-all, it is a great case for the price.
Good case
Fit my phone perfectly. Was exactly what I was looking for..grip where you need it, doesn't make the phone gigantic, and its mostly see through.
Sturdy and durable AF
Works great! Everyone should have one of these!
Just as advertised and fita perfectl . Not to heavy but sits up enough off screen to protect glass if dropped
Bought this and it didn't stick for 24 hours! I wrote the company and they made it right and mailed me a brand new one, put it on and it didn't stick for an hpur. Not sure if I put it on wrong, but I've put them on before and it was on for about 6 months before I had to get a new one.
Yes it is very thin and slides into pocket and small purses very well and also protects very well. .
Great product, fits perfectly
Fits perfectly. I spent 25 bucks on an otterbox case that never fit right and was always coming off at the corner. I was looking for something simple with a good grip, protective and at the same time thin enough to still use my Qi charging pad. For just a few bucks this was the perfect solution.
Way to big phone slips around doesn't hold it firmly looks good built nice just doesn't fit like it says it does
Received it early which was nice. Not at all like the picture, I was expecting more glitter and different types. But for the price it's pretty
Aesthetically well designed. Kickstand works well (It is a little hard to pry out at first). Overall good quality.
Great utility case for the phone. Very sturdy and has a nice grip to it. Super product!
Me encantó
This is a cool little doodad that would work well for anyone with small hands. I'm 6'2 and have some big bear paws so I felt like the strap was cutting off the circulation to my fingers when I used it. It also came in with the back part crooked. Over all a good but but I have to send it back because I would like to keep my finger tips.
very well thought out and ultra thin. If your a fan of glass screen protectors and thin designs, then this case with it's own glass is an obvious choice. To me, it solves the problem of the Iphone cured glass and non-curved glass screen protector. I can't comment on how well it protects but then again, I've never dropped a phone. If your patient and gentle installing the case, it will not break like some have complained about. Wish it had some sacrificial wear nubs on the back and front. I have a feeling that the case will scratch up really quick, leaving it looking worn and dated sooner that i would like. Pros: -inexpensive -ultra thin -great styling -tempered glass protector -interlocking front and back -access points/ holes/ buttons in exact spots Cons: -no wear nubs on front or back -durability concerns
Great case, durable, reliable, easy to use. Sadly I had to cut it a little in order to charge.
It ok when you start off. But as the days go on and you either change case and want to go back to this one. Those when you get the Hall effect sound. Also it doesn’t scream water proof so I never tried it even though is sealed. These phone cost to much I It did make me feel Comfortable putting it in water or it dropping in the water. So to me it was a one use only case
Does not fit galaxy tab 4 like stated
ok
It doesn’t fit properly, the sizing is somewhat off. Other than that it’s a nice clean looking case.
Did not fit tight, low quality.
I really like this case. Very slim and something to mess around with when I'm bored playing on the phone
This was just the kind of phone case I wanted. One with a kickstand that is rugged enough to protect my phone.
Broke the first time I put it on my phone. Zero stars.
This case protects but doesn't add bulk. Case is grippy and doesn't slip or slide. Much better than what Verizon offers in their stores for a tiny fraction of the price.
Bad case don’t buy. It’s cheaply made and a waste of money.
Love this product. Works great and isn't too obtrusive.
Just received my iPhone case and I'm more than pleased. The adhesive screen protector is very substantial and the case fits like a glove! The price is also very reasonable too. The only con I have is that it's difficult to put on or take off, so this may not be for you if you're the type who likes to change cases frequently. If not, it works great!
Fits snug and buttons still work, more than worth it for the price
The case itself is great! The kickstand broke within a week!
Fantastic case very durable!
A little flimsey
The case is pretty cute, but it feels a little fragile. I'm a little concerned about it breaking, especially since it has liquid in it. I don't put it on my phone often because of this. But you can't beat that price.
perfect fit
loved the black so much i bought another color. great feel, look, and protection!
For the price..awsome
Awesome case. Can't believe it for the price really. It is very grippy, looks great, gret protection from drops so far. Also still pretty slim. Fits S7 Edge perfectly. Love it, highly recommend.
I must say black is really not my favor but I bought this item as a gift.. the person I bought this for has a case similar so I thought it would be a perfect gift however when I ask for their honest opinion on how they like it, it wasn't good. Like just stop this case is flexible., however, I'm not sure if it would totally protect the phone. Like most of the cases I been purchasing lately the edges are not high enough to protect the screen. I didn't like the feel of the material and the person I bought it for said it was cheaply made. I gave it 3 stars because I think design of it is cool and I like the fact that it has a kickstand but honestly that is really all I like about this item
Just as descibed..great deal for the price!
This is a terrific phone for the price. Apple go to hell with your overpriced phones.
This thing was really big and bulky and kind of ugly, a lot of plastic, not really what I was expecting. I actually did not even keep the product.
Husband wanted cover for Galaxy so I bought the clear and it works perfect for the cost! He's very picky and he loves it!
It is AWFUL - yes indeed. The cover itself don't fit right, the volume button is out of line in relation to the phone.. Will need to remove the cover each time I need to lower the volume - and the power button is not in line with the phone (talking about the cover). The outside cover one of the ends broke - well due that it was too tight. What a mess this was for me.
Not what I expected
I like the color and stand but the grip isn't appealing. Don't love the hard / ridged plastic on the side. The grip is a little slippery.
Great buy
I continue to reorder this product! I’m completely spoiled to it; therefore, I highly recommend it.
Excellent case, cool look, great fit, grip is perfect with no slip side design. Had to return three other types that did not fit until purchasing this one. Also got same case (different color) for my wife she loves it too
Had this case for less than a month, and now today I noticed moisture in my case and a muffled microphone. I opened the case to find moisture. I do not take the case in the water. The moisture killed my speaker on my iPhone 7 Plus. I do not recommend this case. The rocker switch is extremely difficult to use as well.
Did not have a rubber grip like I was hoping for, but it fits well.
My son loves this case. I was a little worried about how sturdy it would be, but so far it has worked out great.
Bought for cousin, she loves it.
Looks great on my phone. Fits really good. Still fits in my holsters.
I like the case very much so far. I haven't had any major drops as yet to test it, so it's effectiveness remains to be seen. I like the esthetics very much. The kick stand is definitely useful. They stylus is okay, but there is no real way to keep it with the phone so not all that useful. My only complaint, and it's a small one, is that the black piece doesn't fit perfectly. It stays on tight and I haven't had any problems with it, it just messes with my OCD tendencies a little where the corners don't line up/fit perfectly. Over all, well worth the price so far.
good case
did not work for my phone
See other
So far so good to feel that my new phone is secured by this case.
Very nice protector it just got old.
Works great best screen protector I've ever used
Protects the phone and arrived on time
We bought the "EpicGadget(TM) Black and Blue Durable Heavy Duty Rugged Impact Hybrid Case with Build In Kickstand Protective Case For Samsung Tablet Galaxy Tab 4 7.0 inch With Galaxy Tab 4 SM-T230 Clear Screen Protector And Universal Long Touch Stylus Pen (US Seller!!) (X Stand Black Blue)". It is ABSOLUTE JUNK!! Please do not by this.
For looks only I guess it could've been a great product if it ever actually arrived
Too bulky. Otherwise, it is good.
This case looks just like the picture/description. It is also very sturdy even when dropped lol.
a good phone for the money
beautiful, super cool.
its pretty nice for the money. Be extra careful putting on the screen protector because once you touch it it'll start not wanting to stick on the corners and getting the bubbles out scratches up the protector :/ Rubber could be a bit tighter on the case you can just pull it right off without having to stretch it like some good defender cases
Its a very thin case so it’s protection isn’t top notch. However, the tempered glass that somes with it helps a lot because it keeps the whole phone covered.
Great case
just what I was looking for.Arrived quickly too!
Nice case good protection.
Great sturdy case. Look the kickstand!
Not a bad case. The kickstand feels a bit flimsy.. but it's holding up so far. Snug proper fit. Came with stylus, which is a nice touch. Buttons are a bit chunky, but working properly.
Love the slim design, feel, and fit on my Droid turbo. Easy to hold, non slip protector.
Works well..satisfied..cheap price
Love it..lightweight and non bulky. Easy to grip and hold onto. Provides good protection.
Fits like a glove. Great grip. Nice looking case. Buttons work well.
Did not fit snug on my Droid maxx.
Feels very well made, sturdy kickstand nice rubber grip. Haven't dropped phone so not sure about protection, but hopefully the good grip will prevent drops. Works pretty well with screen shield.slifht bubbling in one corner, may be fixed with repositioning of shield.
Exactly what is picture. I love this case! So cute! Get compliments on it all the time.
Just what I was looking for in order to still have the ballistic nylon visible, and it fits the bn case perfectly. It's not bulky at all, and I like it better than the Case Mate naked clear case. You can spend a lot more on a case, but you don't have to, this case was under $10.
This is a wonderful case to buy if you are as clumsy as I am. I bought a Google Nexus when they first came out and dropped it the second day, then I bought another one about 4 months later and same thing happened. Maybe if I had a case they wouldn't have broken so easily. I have 2 Samsung Tab 4 7in And I bought these cases for mine and my husband and I have dropped mine several times and it hasn't& 34;teddy even the tiniest scratch on it. I will recommend this to anyone who is like me and tried to carry 50 things in your hands at once. And the price and colors are terrific. All I ask is a few different colors, I have 4 different ones right now. Now I need some with some pizazz!!
Great product, held up really well, had a few drops and no damage to phone
Wrong sizes
This case actually protects the phone when it gets dropped.
The kickstand is nice. However, the plastic material is unpleasant to hold. The edges especially are very poorly designed. The ridges around the edges are annoying in the hands. Unless you're specifically looking for a kickstand, I'd look elsewhere.
Good case
It's a good design and I like how easy it is to remove and clean. Like the kick stand, will definitely use when I go camping
It fits my phone perfectly ! I like how it doesn't slips on my hands. Delivery was very fast !
Did not work on my daughters galaxy 7 as it stated it would.
Flimsy quality, broke in two months, that too with gentle use
I do love it. Buttons are encased but still work fine, the clear material shows the color of the phone nylon through it, and best of al,l the texture on the sides makes for a really secure hold. Great Product.
Didn't stay on my phone. Would not stick
It's a nice case, but not quite what I expected. I don't think it would offer much protection if the phone was dropped or fell. It has a rubbery, plastic type feel to it. Would be fine to protect from dings and scratches but nothing more.
Thank you
The most bang for your buck.
Fits perfectly.
I love the fact that it is light and easy to put on and take off. Love the color. And I have dropped it already and it did not shatter and didn't ruin my phone, so that definitely gave this case two thumbs up for me ((I don't recommend other people testing that and dropping their phone, my drop was on accident and was thankful that nothing happened to my phone nor the case)).
Great, affordable case. Phone has already survived some drops and toddler throws!
I like it because it is easy to grip which is very helpful since the phone is so large. Love the color and the kickstand!
At&t Galaxy s5 active, Exactly what I expected, fits my phone perfect, no flex, no sag, looks great and ive had no problem with grip. Actually accidentally left it ontop of my gf's car while she drove like a idiot as usual, got out and grabbed my phone off the roof like I wasn't a idiot and didn't leave it up there.
Great low profile case. Nice textured sides for better grip. A small lip curves around front to protect screen.
Purchased as a replacement case. Price was very reasonable. Case is clear so you can see the phone. it is slim. I had forgotten how slim my phone actually is. Fits as expected. it was exactly what I was looking for.
These cases are great for the price !
great case fits snug
Fits perfect, light weight and easy to carry.
Fits perfect, light weight and easy to carry.
Fits perfect, light weight and easy to carry.
Great case! Just what I needed
The case appears to be gray or silver but its actually clear with part of it frosted. Its not exactly what I thought it was but I am very pleased with it. It is the same brand my wife has had on her phone for the last couple years and she has dropped her phone on many occasions. It fits the ballistic nylon phone just fine and the side buttons work well through the case. I would buy it again.
After going thru about a dozen of these cases whether it being from ipaky, wilnorn, or coocolor; they all have the same issues with it easily getting scratched or eventually turning color. After buying so many rose gold ones I gave up and ordered a red one (hoping it won't change color on me) but became scratched after 2 days of having it. They should have a lifetime warranty for these cases if it's going to constantly change color or easily get scratched. If this red one turns color, I will no longer purchase these.
I've been using this for several weeks now and it still works perfectly. The rotation and fold actions are neither too loose nor too tight, and the piece stays where it's set. It's slim, it was easy to install, it works great.
good grip rugged design, good fit, but for the kick stand breaking after normal use it could have had great potential.
Bought for my son's Moto G4 after multiple searches through the Amazon catalog. He really likes the texture'd outer case. The back stand seems to be the weak point; very small attachment pegs remind me that it is the first thing that a teenager will accidentally break off. Still, a great value for the price, we've had a couple Oeago cases, and they've definitely kept up on their features. In particularly, the volume / power seem to be the best protected I've seen.
Bought this case because it was a thin case and would add extra protection. Case fits perfectly and all buttons and access points are easy to get to/use. Wouldvrecomend this case to everyone especially since it's a great price for it
I'm such a klutz that my nickname is Brutus. So, I was really hesitant to buy this to replace my bulky Otterbox Defender. I have a nice slim phone and the Otterbox was just obnoxious, but it worked. Back to this beauty - I wanted something that didn't hide the beautiful color of my Ballistic Blue Droid Turbo. This fit nicely and protected my phone through all its falls (and there have been many, trust me). I was very concerned with having a front lip deep enough to protect my screen and this had it. I didn't break my phone or the screen while I had it. So, despite it's delicate appearance my phone survive my abuse. Bravo!
The side buttons impressed me and speak for the quality of this product. The kickstand seems pretty sturdy and the entire case feels rugged overall. I also like that it doesn't grip my pocket too much so it's not a battle to pull my phone out yet still thick enough to hold it snuggly. I break alot of phones so a good case is a must, I'll put this one to the test over the next week and write another review if I purchase it again for my girlfriend.
Case does not allow for the original charger that came with the phone to connect
Perfect
Great case. Slim and looks good.
Simply to put on. Durable. Love that it has a built in stand.
Fits my Droid Turbo perfectly! Much less bulky than many for sale in the stores.
Good fit.
I like the kick stand on the back of the phone case however I wish there was soft rubber plastic on the sides and back so it is less slippery
Fit well. Good service. Thank you.
I absolutely love the love handle! So much better than those pop out buttons and I feel like when taking selfies my phone is much more secure and less likely to fall out of my hand. They come in so many awesome colors , I got a chrome one to match my new iPhone.
Fir my G4 perfically
Not as pictured. It's clear and filled with light blue hearts and glitter. Doesn't seem like it will protect the screen, just the back. It's still pretty. It took a few weeks to arrive. Good for the price.
Great case fits my moto g4 perfectly every thing lines up really well and I love the way it feels in my hands I think any one who buy this case will love it
Very substantial, should provide good protection.
Great Value
Fits like a glove
I can't believe this is $10. It's cheap! Thin. Not much protection imo. Must have cost $.10 to mfg in China.
Great bang for the buck
Freaking impossible to live without it.
Great protection. States it comes with a screen saver and does not.
Great protection. States it comes with a screen saver and does not.
Didn't fit!
This one holds up. Worth buying
Very sharp looking case!!
Great affordable product and even better delivery time!
Very good slip resistant case for my Droid Turbo ballistic nylon phone. Feels secure and doesn't add a lot of bulk. The clear case is stylish and shows off the phone while at the same time giving ample protection against drops and bumps.
I have tried 4 different cases for my G4 and they were all super slippery and too thin. The phone itself is so slim and slippery, for me anyway, that I need something to add just a bit of thickness to it. This case is not soft rubber, but I don't understand the reviews that say it's hard to grip.The sides have the cut ins that make this case the only one so far, that is easily gripped no matter where it is picked up.The way the case comes together, allows for a small air pocket on the corners to help with absorbing impact. The bezel coverage is just a little less than I would prefer (still being scarred from dropping my Moto X face down onto concrete and shattering the LCD screen), but it's more then the others I have tried. I love the stand and have never had a single issue of it being slippery, that other reviewers seemed to be concerned about. Is this a & 34;cute& 34; case? No. It's a functional case. After losing a phone with a cute case, I wanted functional. The G4 is too large, slim and slippery to not have a case that has & 34;grab-ability& 34;. My husband just bought the G4 and thought maybe it was just bc my hands were smaller that I trouble with the phone without a case and then he realized why I chose this case when he held the phone without one and also when he tried a few of the cases I had rejected. I am in no way saying this is the only great case for the G4 out there. Just saying it is for me and I have tried others that were on all the & 34;recommended& 34; lists. I was also confused by some of the reviews that I was reading about how slippery this case was, when it is not at all with the ability to grip the sides of the phone so easily with the cut ins. EDIT- This case does not fit ALL versions of the Moto G4. I have the Moto G4, the Moto G4 Plus is the exact same configuration only it has the fingerprint scanner. The Moto G4 Play is shaped/configured slightly differently than the Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. So be aware of what model you have before buying this.
Bought this for my best friend. He loves it. Easy to grip.
Doesn't fit screen properly, even when camera hole, speaker and bottom buttons are aligned perfectly if you hold the phone in one hams with fingers on both sides or if you bump the side of the screen even just a little the screen protector pops off.. it only has stickiness around the edges not on the whole thing so it doesn't adhere well at all.. I'm very disappointed with this although for the few minutes it does stay on it looked really god, this is so not worth buying!!
Excellent product delivered in record time just what we needed to keep our phones safe.
Works. But if you have a big finger it is very tight.
Doesn't really protect the screen. Mine slipped from my hand and fell from about 3 feet in the air. The screen is completely cracked. Get this only if you have a tempered glass screen protector.
This is a really high quality Moto G4 Case. It does a great job protecting my phone, and I would highly recommend this case to anyone who owns a Moto G4.
This item is a good deal. I have some trouble with the stand either not opening easily or not closing properly, but overall, I'm happy with it.
fits well and provides decent protection with excellent value. Wish the middle material was soft rubber for more shock protection instead of rigid plastic. Kickstand feels pretty flimsy but has held up well after a few weeks.
Poor quality
Have about 100 phones at work, great case cheap price.
Amazing cover, the kickstand is stable and the protection is awesome 10/10 would recommend to anyone
Just as it was described! Works great
If you have a droid turbo with ballistic back this is the case for you. I bought the otter box commuter when I first purchased my phone, just to bulky. This cimo fits like it was made for it, great feel, nice style, ( which I've got great compliments on) and nice grip without the bulk. If you by it you will not be disappointed.
It was easy to put on and is doing a great job
Doesn't keep phone from breaking
Love it
Very nice case just hard for the first time getting the kick stand to open but easy after that
I have multiple iPhone cases including UAG and Spigen for iPhone 6. This is the longest I have kept a case on my phone without switching to another one! That in itself counts for six stars. The case is ultra slim, easy to install and offers solid protection when it falls. I like the textured feel and slim look it provides. Have had multiple compliments on this case. Highly recommend this product.
Not what I expected , it didn't fit my galaxy tab 4-7& 34;, too small
good
Better then I thought
I fits nicely around my phone. I performs as I expected and I have no complaints.
Summary: This is a good product, but only if you understand what this case is supposed to be. Facts: The case is a flexible, semi-clear rubberized material. It is low profile (so it doesn't add much to the size of the phone), and it has raised screen edges to protect against flat face-down drops. The case also has pebbled strips along the sides for better grip. Flash LEDs, camera lenses, USB/headphone ports are left uncovered, where power button and volume rocker are accessible through raised button-shaped areas. Opinion: I like that this case is slim, simple, and shows off what is a good looking device. I don't like that the flexibility of the case means that (at the right angle) sometimes moisture can get inside if it's raining out. I'm indifferent about the level of actual protection offered (probably not a good idea to do any test drops over 3 feet). The bottom line is that you're not looking at a Lifeproof or Otterbox phone vault; with this case, you're choosing to lose some of that airtight, surefire protection in exchange for something that might be a better fit to the hand, and looks unique/appealing in a world full of handheld pastel-colored bricks.
The Moto G4 case, although a tad bulky, fits well and feels quite solid and protective. The added bonus of the stand option actually works well as a grip to make this larger phone easier to hold.
Very nice!
by this picture, I thought it was going to be silver or grey, it is actually clear, which is ok, because my phone is red, but it is not the colors shown in this picture. other wise it fits the phone fine
Great quality
Bought for my phone. It's very flimsy. I didn't keep it on long bc I'm nervous that it won't protect my phone. I do like how thin it is but I don't trust it.
Outstanding case. Gives a nice grip and look to phone. I was able to put it on my Droid Turbo with ballistic nylon (64gb) without any issue.
I use this gadget continuously. It enhances the functional mobility of the tablet.
l came later than expected but my wife loves her new phone case! It fits like it's supposed to and looked just like the picture!
Excellent fit; very satisfied. Plus, the price is right.
Seems a little flimsy. Side volume buttons don't work well.
Stand on back is a little lame but otherwise this is fine for the money.
I love my case.
Really happy with the case. Don't use the kickstand as much as I thought I might, but its taken a few falls without issue and feels good in hand.
fit perfect
Excellent fit for the phone. I especially like the built-in stand that allows you to watch videos in landscape mode. I have dropped my phone at least five times and never hit the face of the phone. I have actually dropped my phone from about 5 feet from the ground without any damage to the phone. I believe the weight of the case causes the phone to land on the back of the case instead of on the face of the phone. Great price and great protection from falls.
average protection
What a great purchase! Thank you very, very, much.
Stand is a little cheap
Great case.
Bought this as a gift for my Mother in law and she loves it on her new turbo! She was annoyed with how big and clunky and slippery her Otterbox was so this was a welcome change.
I previously had this cover in red and wanted to change covers . Its great!. Very durable and protects my phone. I've dropped it many times and not a scratch on my phone. And, its cute!
This was a gift for a friend, she wanted something different. And this worked perfect. Got it delivered to her house on a Sunday which was great!!
I had the same case in black for my RAZR M and loved it. It was protective, yet slim and fit easily in and out of my jeans pocket. I still have the RAZR M and use it for music. The clear case for Droid Turbo does exactly the same. It offers protection, doesn't add bulk, and again, slips in and out of the front pocket of my jeans without any friction. But.. the clear case looks FANTASTIC!! The edges and cutouts on the back look and shine like glass. And the frosted part on the back adds a really nice high tech look. I have the phone with the orange trim and it is prominently displayed, not hidden. And the price can't be beat. It's not an Otterbox, thank God!! Extremely happy with my purchase, it looks stunning.
Fits my boyfriends phone perfectly! He received plenty compliments on this case.
Case looks great on Droid Turbo 32Gb Ballistic Nylon. Took about 15 seconds to put on, does not stick to pant, is semi-transparent so you can see the ballistic nylon. Highly recommended. Time (years..) will determine if this case will yellow or not since its the semi-soft semi-clear plastic that tends to do that.
Very good and sturdy case. Love this!!
Perfect fit. Love it!
I love my case! ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I'm buying so many more! I won't look at any other case ever again! This is my soulmate case ! Thank you for making these cases I love my coocolor case! I have the rose gold! I'm getting the red and it's my fave color! I only got the rose gold because it matched my phone 😁😁
Easy to use and fits great. Love the stand for watching streaming shows. Purple color just like picture.
Everything I wanted out of a cheap, slim case. Too and bottom fit together perfectly. Even came with screen protectors, which I didn't expect. Probably won't hold up to repeated drops, but I didn't pay for that kind of toughness.
Fits perfect for my Motorola Moto G4. Thanks folks
Excellent case for droid turbo ballistic nylon. Fits better than the TUDIA slim lite tpu. I have both and this one fits better.
I'm not a picky person regarding phone cases. I purchased this one because it had good ratings and was inexpensive. It fits my phone well and does a great job of protecting it. I'm not thrilled with the looks, but I really don't care about that. My only complaint is that the volume and power side buttons on the phone take a lot more effort to function with the case on. This is not necessarily a bad thin because now I don't inadvertently change the volume or turn the phone off during a conversation. It just means I have to try harder to actually make volume changes or operate the on/off button when I really need to which is not very often.
Great product. I bought it for company phone and it is exactly what I needed.
fits phone well , grips well in fingers , the power and sound buttons still work on the side , this will work well
Ok
I liked it because the case fit perfectly and looked like it said it would. It was also delivered quickly which I liked.
I bought this for my son's table. The case it self is reasonable. It protects well but the little kickstand did not last. It broke the very next day. My son was disappointed because he did like this feature. Sorry my review could not be better. Price was reasonable for what I got. Thank anyway.
good all good
Love it!! My 4 year old goddaughter is autistic and she is absolutely fascinated with the way it moves, she is constantly telling me it's so pretty.
I chose this one for the color, and the fact of the stand. It fits very snug and is great for holding onto. The one very minor issue would be the size of the opening around the mic port, if your plug isn't thin then it won't go in.
Built in kick stand, excellent color choices, price is hard to beat, fits perfectly. I've bought 3 so far.
Works fine. I've dropped my phone with no damage. The main complaint is that it's too smooth to get a good grip on such a large phone so it could be made of a softer rubber. Also, must annoying is the kickstand, it only functions in landscape/horizontal view. The phone falls down with the kickstand in portrait/vertical view. I have had phone cases for which this is not the case so it is something they could change.
Very durable cover and the little kickstand piece comes off as well, making this a fairly slim cover when you don't need the kickstand
protectrs the ballistic nylon case, probably not a lot of protection from a fall but I can place face down on a flat surface to protect screen and nice griping texture on the sides. I definately don't feel like I would drop the phone. Keeps the size of phone close to actual size.
I've taken a great deal of time to write this review the thinness of the case, coupled with my general fears of the durability of smartphones, left me thinking that this case wouldn't cut the mustard and I'd have to buy a new phone. Many months later, I'm rather surprised and pleased to state that this hasn't been the case. Not only does the phone continue to function after multiple drops and accidents but the case's stand, which I didn't think I'd get that much use out of, is still functional and incredibly useful on a daily basis. All this for under $10? Would readily buy it again!
A perfect fit!!
Really Good Product
Really Good Product
Really good product
Grips the phone real tight.
It is a good product for the price and its purpose.
The case is ok. The stand is a little hard to pull out and it doesn't do well with a screen protector.
I've been using mine for almost 8 months now with a galaxy s8, and I can say that I've become very dependent on it considering my small hands. It has made my relationship with my phone simpler and safer. I don't drop it and I can navigate with one hand. It's sturdy, and the adhesive does not detach as promised. The garter will wear off (like almost anything in the world) but not quickly that I haven't changed mine even after months of heavy use. If you have thicker fingers and heavier phone model, it may be sooner. In general, a great buy especially for active people, carrying a lotbof stuff who are on the go. Just make sure you are buying from the correct seller because others may give an imitation brand.
I like the design of this case and the little kickstand is very handy. Unfortunately the first case that I bought broke within the year, and the replacement case broke within 3 months. Not sure if I should buy third one.
The case does what it's intended for. That is to say it covers the phone and protects against the general issues like low impact falls, dust, debris, etc. It does not do these any better than most covers but is worth the cost of it if you get free shipping as a Prime member. The case is easy to install, as it comes in two parts which click together easily and feel secure. The case is thin and blends into the lines of the phone just as a good (not great) suit drapes when worn. It's pleasing to the eye since it's thin and, if you purchase it similar or the the same color as your phone, it's practically invisible. The finish is a smooth and rubberized which allows the phone to be held securely while not having to worry about it slipping out of your hand like some hard plastic cases. The case however falls short when dealing with falls from distances higher than 3 feet. I tested this personally on my old iphone 6. The case protected any damage to the phone but not when dropped at anything higher than 3 ft. When I did this the case chipped and the metal on the corner of the phone itself was scraped and slightly dented. Bottom line, this is worth the price if you're looking for a nice looking, decent level pf protection case that doesn't cost more than $15.
The case is great. Completely met my expectations
I'm so happy with this product, it came faster than I thought and it was exactly as it was pictured. The glitter and hearts are holographic and change from Blue to Pink to Green depending on the angle you're looking at, and the case itself is clear which I love because my phone is white so all together it looks awesome.
The picture shows 2 black shades but it is a plain black.
The phone tends to be glitchyand the touch screen is not as responsive as I like. The 16 MB of memory is not enough although I hardly have any apps.
I wanted to love this case for my moto g4 and I particularly enjoyed the kickstand feature. It fit snug but within 2 weeks one of the plastic corners literally snapped off in my hand as I was reading on the phone. I hadn't even dropped it yet! Then as I was taking the case off to return it, another corner snapped off, so unfortunately I can't recommend this phone case.
Fits great! We have had employees using them for a long time and has stood up to tough conditions.
Be sure to double check that this case correctly correlates with the phone you have. Return shipping is as expensive as the case itself.
Cheap, durable. Fits well. I haven't had any major drops with it though.. so I am not sure how great it will be in times of crisis. For most car aux cords you have to take the case off, which is a big pain.
Sturdy case. Slim design. Built in kickstand was a bit hard to & 34;unclick& 34; from the case, but I used my fingernail to give a bit more pressure and it came out and worked just fine. The kickstand hasn't broken yet and I use it daily. It has a textured feel so it is easy to identify when I am rummaging thru my purse without looking into it to retrieve my phone lol. I have dropped my phone probably 3 times on tile or cement and 10 times on carpeted surfaces and the phone nor the case suffered any injury, only my pride a bit :)
I ordered this a while back maybe 2-3 years and they put a recall on these type of cases at the time they said gasoline were in them and so i never used it.. but over all it was super cute!!
Nice case. Fits my S5 Active like a glove!
Case fits my wife's phone snuggly. When we ordered her phone with the ballistic nylon, it originally looked like it would provide more grip. She wasn't prepared for it to be extremely slippery. This case give it some grip and she can text one handed without having to worry about it shooting out of her hand and onto the floor. Meets expectations.
looks nice
Great product, exactly as pictured! Just as good as life proof without the cost.
Very pretty, and different. I have gotten many compliments on it. It's only flaw, it didn't take long to form a bubble inside. Slowly getting bigger..
Perfect and cute
Nice case even though it isn't the right size for our tablet. In the process of return or exchange.
My husband and I both have these cases now and we love them. They are a soft case yet very durable. I love the all black option that we both bought and I love that they don't add much bulk to our phones. The cases are super lightweight and don't get in the way. As most users of the S5 Active know it is extremely hard to find a good case and this is by far my favorite. We had bought one before this that was a full case that held the entire phone and it added way to much bulk and was hard to operate but this case was exactly what I think most S5 Active users are looking for. This case is made out of great material and I will use it until I get my next phone. I am super satisfied with this case. The shipping was super-fast and it was super easy to order. I am giving this product a 5 and would recommend this to anyone looking for a great Active case. I have dropped my phone a few times since getting this case and have no Knicks or marks on it yet and it has protected my phone extremely well. Overall I am extremely satisfied and I love this case!
Fits my Moto G perfectly. Very rugged. Seems like a great value. I like the kickstand, too.
It didnt last me a week that the protector didn't even stick and it cracked don't waste your money.. Super disappointment
Nice kickstand case with good bumper and screen protection. Fits the Moto G4 like a glove.
Works well.
Excellent product!
I purchased the clear case. It works great; feels very secure both in my hand and on the phone itself :) I can still see part of the ballistic nylon which I love. The buttons are very easy to press and I've had no problems using my camera like some other cases.. :) I would suggest at least a thin plastic screen protector just in case esp if you carry your phone in your purse w keys and things.. it does have a small lip that keeps the screen slightly off the table..
One I figured how to open it, looks very nice
Its a decent case. Worth the money i paid, just not shipping and the price of cover. Its also the slick rubber type, not the grip kind.
I’ve bought two of these cases ( one fully red and one fully back) and they look great along with providing good protection to my phone.
Excellent product. Perfect fit. No problems pushing the buttons.
It's a great product. They did a great job of getting it to me fast, thank you. It fits perfectly on my phone
Fits well, and buttons all function easily. I bought it because I wanted the color of my blue ballistic nylon back to show through. It does somewhat, but mostly looks only partially translucent. I'm happy with it compared to others I've tried.
This product was exactly as described, was easy to install, and fit my Moto G4 perfectly. I know, the color I selected (black) is not very exciting, but I'm satisfied with it and would suggest it to others.
Provides coverage for the entire phone. Case is nice and smooth.
ES EXCELENTEE! Buena calidad, realmente waterproof
It's so chunky & bulky it hurt my hands to hold it, it wouldn't fit in my pocket, I distinguish between the ridges of the case from the buttons on my phone!
so sturdy, the stand is sturdy too - I love how this case feels
Nice and sturdy
Fits good and looks good.
very good
Not glass, makes it hard to use my phone.
Good product and quality,confortable
Slim, fits all of the buttons, and grippy. Nice case for the price.
Good for people that drop they phone
Sucked, after at least two drops it broke
Kick stand quickly
Great
Great product, perfect fit for my moto g4, Have dropped the phone accidentally from hand, no damage done. The kickstand feature is a great utility for watching some quick videos.
awsome kit.. worked great.
Good product. As ordered.
All the way wrong, wrong size, awful construction andd buyer never responded when i tried to get assistance..stay away! Also poorly made..
Love the item. Was going to return because it does not have a front screen protector. Decided to keep it because it will protect my phone until I find what I am looking for
Very satisfied
It started leaking after the 3rd day
Met Expectations.
It's not very durable for children. Would hold up better for teenagers or adults but would not recommend for small children
Steady little case. good to grip. Not an armored case but good for bumps and to grip well. Not bad size.
Cannot go wrong with these TPUs ;)
This doesn't work completely.I trashed it.
Too small on my phone doest fit
wrong case I said black this is ugly clear i can't believe it really makes me mad
He loves it its perfect
Otter case quality. The ridged perimeter keeps the phone secure in my grip. Like this way more than my previous otter cases.
The case is not what is described or pictured in the listing. A majority of the back is NOT clear, it s a textured and does not show the actual phone case. WASTE OF MONEY!! WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
I can't review the product because the package arrived empty. I mean really who is so incompetent to get the mailer out, affix the label and not realize the envelope is empty.
It's so cute.
Feel like now my phone is protected ;) !! You can buy it !!
Love the case, but expect to have a broken screen!
This case was just what I was looking for..My Samsung Active already has added protection but I wanted a little more. This case fits perfectly with all the buttons in the right locations. If your looking for a very slim case that doesn't have that real sticky plastic coating then this is the case for you..
Fits well, looks good, and does a very good job at protecting the phone. I dropped the phone today. I landed on one of its corners on a concrete floor and was just fine. I was very pleased.
LOVE IT!
I bought the cover for my phone dropped the phone and the cover cracked. I guess the good news is is that the phone cover didn't crack. But this cover was expensive too me a month and a half to receive it and it is supposed to be & 34;hard as nails.& 34;
This case was not made for a Droid Maxx. It's for a Droid Turbo and therefore too long for my phone. Waste of time for sure!
Didn't fit I think I bought the wrong size 😕
Did not fit my galaxy S6 phone
Great case. Thin but durable and nice feel to it. Highly recommend
Fits well
Has been great so far. Fits perfectly and the stand is great and has held up with lots of use. The only issue Is that the colored material needs regular cleaning.
Love it !!
Had the case about 2 weeks now. It's a decent case considering what you pay for it. The kick stand was very stiff at first and the first time I pulled it out the little tab that holds it closed broke off. Doesn't really affect it much though. It fit perfectly and I would consider purchasing another one. With that said just keep in mind that it is cheaply made but will still do its job. It just won't last as long as the more expensive ones.
Strong case. The back stand which I bought this for is especially useful and I use it a lot. The only problem is that the case fits a bit too well to my phone and when I try to pry off the case it takes off the phone's back cover with it. Other than that a great cover and also protects the camera well.
love this it is great to have I am so happy to have this.
It looks good on my tablet
It looks good on my tablet
Great
Arrived timely and it looks great. However, the screen protector is too big and does not allow the case to close around the device. I cannot use the screen protector!
protects great comfortable in hand
I was for Samsung Galaxy 6 but not plus even tho I was supposed to get one for my plus model .
I was for Samsung Galaxy 6 but not plus even tho I was supposed to get one for my plus model .
I was so excited to receive this item but I was quickly disappointed. It fit kinda bulky & I literally dropped my phone on accident within 10 minutes of putting it on & it shattered completely. I had to take it off, worse buy ever.
Love it. Fits great
I put the case on my phone and that process actually put a small crack on my screen. Awesome..
Perfect case! It fit perfectly and I just loved it! Then I had to get a different phone so I gave it to my daughter. I was happy to find out that I could get the exact same case for my new LG!
This is a good low cost case that is thoughtfully designed. I had been using the Case Mate clear case for several months, before I opted to go without a case for while, but a few nicks had me looking for another option. The Case Mate is too slippery, but this Cimo case is exactly what I needed. Had this case been available in November, I would have purchased it then. Easily fits the Ballistic Nylon version. A very good case at a very good price.
Excellent
I got this protect and it was easy to set up. It connect to both my phone I haven't had problems with it since got
Love it. Perfect for watching movies
Surprisingly well worth it.
Case itself is great, kick stand does not work and screen protector does not stay on screen.
Wrong size! Description was misleading. Don't waste your money on this one!
My son loves it
The case was easy to put on, it stays on well, and the nubs make it easy to grip. I would have preferred the edge around the phone's display to be a little thicker so as to protect the phone better if it fell face-down, but c'est la vie. Kickstand seems sturdy, although I have not used it much. I prefer to hold the phone in my hand when typing or swiping.
Not to bulky fits in phone pocket in purse and doesn't stick, but just enough so phone doesn't slip out of my hand. Just what I was looking for.
Offers very little protection while causing phone to run 10 Celsius or more hotter than normal damaging the battery in some cases.
Wrong case !!
Great case.
Love this case. It's slim, but really seems to protect my phone from drops. I had bought one for myself, and then purchased another for my boyfriends phone.
Perfect fit!!
It is too big for the phone
Perfit fit, excellent grip. Exceptionally designed protection case for the Droid Turbo.
I didn't want something heavy or bulky. This is perfect. Seriously. Easy on and off. Doesn't block headphones at all. Every single thing lines up perfectly. Hard to find for this phone?! If you found this review helpful, please be sure to click yes!
Goes on quite firmly, nice grip feel does not feel cheap.All buttons and usb are still easy to operate. Bonus, it still fits in the dock of the Sony car stereo dock
Everything I was expecting it to be!
Works great, fits well, no issues with buttons. Wish I could figure out where to put stylus that came with case.
Fit perfectly, about to buy a second one! I would highly recommend this product.
Grate for kids
It was exactly what I wanted; protection for my phone, yet allows me to enjoy seeing its cool color. Thanks Cimo
Cute case. Doesn't last a year before it starts leaking.
Love the ruggedness and how it grips. Awesome product for the money spent!
Love it
The case is alright, I feels a little cheap. However, it does it's job
This case is great product.
Purchased this case and got something totally different it has a circle for the apple icon on the back to show which I didn't want. Also didn't even fit on my iPhone. Not happy with my purchase.
Very pretty.
Very durable
This is a great case. The fit is great and the stand is also. I've accidentally dropped my phone a couple times and with pleasure it was not broken👍
Happy with it
I had a similar case for my other phone. I dropped my phone many times over the five years I had it and I never had any damage to the phone. I think this case will work just as well.
Bought 2 of these. 1 came broken and had the slowest shipping ever. Case seems nice but can't use 1 since it's broken.
Case is ok. Wish it protected the front screen better. Not exactly what I was expecting but will work until I can replace it with a better on. I was expecting a hard case and its silicone material.
Fit nice and tight, not over bulky, nice grip and most importantly, the buttons are easy to find and press through case.
Perfect fit. Exceeded expectations.
Perfect gift
This is a quality case at the right price! The clear portions of the case slightly yellowed in four months which is only visible if you remove it from your phone, but this could be due to the fact that it's in my pocket or a bag most of the time. It definitely helps with the grip on the device yet is smooth enough that it does not get caught up in your pocket or attract particles to stick to it.
Beautiful and perfect!
good, affordable product. It's already taken a beating and it's still going strong.
Very cute, my daughter loves it
It's really clear and let's the color of your phone shine through. Also wraps around the corners of the phone nicely. Exactly what I was looking for.
Great case! Fits perfectly and as described. Seems protective enough for my purposes. Would buy again.
Too small.
Great case
Great protection at affordable cost
Perfect case for what I wanted. Nothing bulky, but enough protection for small drops etc. Keeps phone from sliding around. Motorola Droid Turbo Ballistic Nylon.
Nice case, good quality, fits well. Sometimes the black backing part that comes off is a little difficult to put back on correctly, which is a small issue. Other than that, it is good.
It was easy to fit, and very clear
great product in general, except the kickstand was broken when we received it..
great product in general, except the kickstand was broken when we received it..
I love this case the only thing I iwould change is the screen protecterwhen i put it on the protecter sides around in the case other than that i love it
Love it it's so cute and great price. Thanks.
Cool design; light; grppy
Cool design; light; grppy
Really sturdy. After about a year it looks a little dinged up but keeps the phone safe for very little money.
This case is exactly the type I as looking for. I got the Otter Box for my previous phone & while it was well protected, it made the phone too large & bulky. This case fits snugly & looks good too. It also makes the buttons on the phone less & 34;touchy& 34; I love it.
Wonderful case. Great protection for the phone. Fits tight and snug.
For being the price it is especially, it does it's job very well, feels well made, and has saved my phone more than a few times. Doesn't block the screen, doesn't prevent normal function with buttons, doesn't block any ports at all, it's perfect.
A
Rugged, durable and solid built. Love the stand. Using it for almost a year now.
The best screen protector I ever purchased.
I am very pleased with the case and I am expecting it to hold up well!!
Great case for the price. Phone dropped several times and it protected it.
I'm kinda disappointed that I purchased the wrong size case for my iPhone 6 phone. Good thing it only cost a few bucks, but that's still money and I still need a case for my phone.
Ok but looking for something less bulky.
Good product. Good price!
Great fit just what I needed
A well designed and practical case. The 2-piece design both cushions the phone and acts as a solid protection against drops, the 'traction' design affords a solid grip, and the kickstand is very sturdy and doubles as a one-handed grasping device.
I had a hard time finding a case for my Moto G4. After ordering this one, it exceeded my expectations, and the build quality is excellent.
great protection for my phone at a great price. I would highly recommend
really a great product for the price
Didn't fit!!
Arrived on time. A sturdy case.
Not what I expected based on the description and pics. Case is too thin with very little lip above the surface of the screen. Would not provide adequate protection in my opinion. Standard shipping took 10 days from NJ to Nashville TN. Too long!
case is a little bigger than usual but I think it helps with the extra protection. The upheld clip works perfect on the table so you don't need to hold it
Awesome case, soft rubber, easy to take off and on, good protection.
nice!!
Very good case; fits well. The only problem is the kickstand isn't the most durable.
GOOD ONE LOVE IT
This case is ok, it has that rubberized feel to it, I prefer the harder rubber. The case works at protecting the phone, but isn't very attractive.
Nice case, feels sturdy, and the kickstand is durable. Dropped the phone in the case several times, and my luck was pretty good. I would say recommended as a cheaper case.
Happy with purchase!
I expected it to be pink.. it was clear
I expected it to be pink.. it was clear
I have ordered these 3rd time now I had one on my iPhone 6plus and then ordered another when I upgraded to the iPhone X (bought black one so it won’t get dirty easily like the one on the Right). This lovehandles are a brilliant product. I have used a pop socket but the LoveHandle is my favorite handle so far. It doesn’t add weight/bulk to my phone.I love love love!! Also, they provided additional adhesive strips. Would definitely recommend. THANKS SO MUCH!!
NO FAR NO COMPLAINTS
Did receive case very fast. I would rather trade a nice lil thin good looking case in for this more durable case. As I have found out using a rubber case like this one will definitely absorb a lot more shock than the durable plastic ones. I luv the kickstand. You can't go wrong with this low price case that will handle a drop.
I purchased this item as a replacement charger for my Echo Dotand it doesn't work with the Dot for charging purposes. Too bad I didn't try it out before the return with down closed. I figured I could trust Amazon suggestions. Unhappy customer.
Purchased two, one for me and one for my wife (same phone models). Have not dropped our phones but from the manufacturing quality of this phone case I have no doubt that it will protect our phones if the need arises.Purchased the all black model because my wife tends to leave her phone in her car and being black it should blend into the background of the seats and interior of our vehicles, especially at night when parked in public parking lots. Well constructed cases and allows for an additional screen protector to be installed as well.
The screen is not fix with de iphone
Nice cover and fit perfectly! I picked clear since phone is already black and has a red outline to it which shows nicely thru the cover! Love it and the price!
Very minimalist and not intrusive at all. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Very minimalist and not intrusive at all. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Cracked on first drop.
This case fits great and really shows off the Droid Turbo - although the side controls require a bit more effort. Overall, very pleased.
Work well
Very Savvy. Love it.
Just what I expected. Very thin and nicely displays the phone's ballistic case. Better are the useful hand grips on the sides. Changed the phone from being very slippery to easy to handle. Not only looks good but very functional. The & 34;covers& 34; for the side buttons are helpful - make it easy to locate and use the buttons and keeps from accidentally hitting one of them when the phone is in your pocket. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product.
This case is deceiving. Looks very sturdy and strong but it's not. My phone fell once and the screen cracked and it didn't even fall on the screen side. I asked for a refund and I am still waiting from the Seller!!
loves it served a good purpose just wiah it was easy to put on the screen protector
Super tight fit. Hard to get off, but super cute.
Great phone fast shipping
Works great. Best lightweight option available for BN Turbo.
may not look tough like other cases like Otter etc. But its very solid and useful
Poor
Works well. The kickstand is a bit flimsy, but it hasn't broke. All in all it was what I was looking for.
Very good for the price, I'll have to wait and see how it handles being dropped, I will update as need be.
Best case I have ever had very comfortable very well made I give it five stars!!
Best case I have ever had very comfortable very well made I give it five stars!!
Best case I have ever had very comfortable very well made I give it five stars!!
Too big for phone waste of money
The matte finish on the wave portion has no grip. The grip on the side is great and I wish it was continued all the way around. I'll probably return it.
Not as advertised, does not fit a moto g4 (too large).
does not fit a moto g 4, it fits a much bigger phone, package say for a g 4, cost to much to ship back, had g3 case it works in
Good
Perfect fit and protection for my android.
I have a Samsung galaxy s6 and it didn't fit at all I couldn't even use it
I love this case with all my heart not going to lie. It hand an amazing feel in the hand and makes your phone so slim it barley feels like a case. And I have yet to have a probably with the phone being broken when dropped.
Love it. Haven't dropped it yet, maybe because the grip is so good and its so stylish, that I don't want to let it go. Like the kickstand feature when at the table. Can't beat the price. The stylus is a nice added bonus but like most people, II don't find myself using it after the second day.
I really like the feel of the case as well as how thin it is! Only down side is the screen protector is a little too small, and the case has lines where the two pieces are supposed to meet. However, I really like it regardless.
I loved the look of this case but I didn't fit my phone correctly. It was too loose and I did not think it would properly protect my phone so I haven't really used it.
Came broken
Wrong size. The product is nice.
haven't used yet, like it
Its stylish and i think it is good protection for the phone. Great case!
I grab my phone to charge and it slipped out of my hand and bang my phone broke this case has small protection to tile
Works well!
Thank you! It is better than i thought it was going to be. Very rugged and will protect against drops from the kids! shipped quickly and here early!
Didnt come with pen!
Great phone case!
The best thing for me about this case is the design of the sides of the case. Easy to grip and use one handed without slipping.
Doesn't fit well, a little large
Fits the droid turbo ballistic nylon great. Was worried about that when I ordered it. No problem. Haven't dropped the phone yet, so I can't comment on the sturdiness.
Good case pen a little cheap. But case works well
Did not fit the phones it was supposed to, we sent it back.
Holding up very well
I bought this product 18 months ago and it protected my phone very well from several falls. I bought the black/black.
I really liked this case until it got dirty. It stains and discolors really easily probably because I got the clear kind. I am sure you couldnt tell as much on the other colors though. It protected my phone though so I guess that is the primary responsibility for it and it held up its end.
perfect
Did not fit my S6
I love this case. The blue that I had chosen wasn't exactly as blue as the picture but very close. All in all good quality and a good case.
It works for now, being there aren't many cases available for my phone, bloody IPhone thing.
Very nice
Great phone, great case. Met all if my expectations and then some.
works great
works great
works great
works great
Strong case with a locking stand.
Love it
This what want for my daughter
I like it. Nice case for the price
It fit perfectly and is super fun to watch the little stars :)
Its not the greats case but it provides some extra protection for the Galaxy S5 Active. The buttons on the volume side is slightly off but its not a huge issue. I wish it came with a screen protection. If it did, I'm sure it would have been a cheap one that bubbled up once you applied it. Bottom line, for the price its an ok case that will work for the time being until a better name brand case is made available for the S5 Active.
Fits well
This case fits the phone great. But for some reason it kills my service. When the case is on I drop call after call. As soon as I take the case off all my calls are fine. When the case is on and the call doesn't drop, everyone says they can barely hear me and it keep breaking up. I used the case for about a week to make sure it wasn't a fluke, but it continued to happen. The case has been removed, permanently!!
Arrived early. My niece loves it
My nephew liked it
does'n fit in my cel because is for another model
fit perfect. good product
The case lasted a year and a half of regular drops and even falling in a lake, it finally died when the bottom left corner snapped off.
Love it
good case nice feel.
love it. case fits phone very well. looks good
Just what I wanted. fast service.
very good case
The color was almost the color of the rose gold phone which is what I was looking for and it has complete coverage. I don't use the protective screen but that's my own reason. My dad uses it and swears by the screen protector. Dropped my phone twice since the case has been on and not a single scratch or crack on phone or case. Very pleased, getting my mom one for her birthday cause she keeps asking for it.
Terrible. Lasted all of one hour before coming off my phone. Maybe it’s because I have the new iPhone and the back has a different material but The adhesive does not work. Very disappointed.
Inexpensive, lightweight and keeps the phone from sliding out of you hand. We all have the same phone and also have the same case.
Bought it for my husband and he is very happy with it!
Great fit and good protection
It came with a crack, the screen protector is scratched easy by the stylus and I seriously doubt the rubber outerpart would seriously protect from dropping damage but you get what you pay for. It stands up just fine.
It was she needed
The elastic is way too tight. It cuts off the circulation to my fingers. I hate it
Worst case I have ever had, do not waste your money. It cracked within 2 days of having it without dropping or anything!
It did not fit my tablet a Samsung note
Overall the case is pretty, a little thin on the sides and by the pictures I expected more glitter but for the price is okay. Also the delivery time is long but then again the shipping is free
Fits phone perfectly and has fairly good grip. The raised buttons on the side work well and make it easier to raise and lower column and turn phone on and off. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone needing a new case for their phone.
Accurate description delivered ahead of schedule
Does not fit an S6
very nice & the stand for watching a video is awesome
I have dropped my phone a couple times so far no scratches or cracks
Love the Case!
Excellent product, would purchase for any phone. Lightweight, efficient protection!
Feels strong and secure in the hand.
Awesome case. Looks great and protects the phone
Wish back were sticky vs. sliding off dash.
very good
Great look , stylish, and a good feeling to it . Not as strong as the otter box case for your droid turbo but it will protect just fine and most of all I like it because its lighter slimmer than the otter box and just cool looking for my Droid Turbo ! I would buy more of these in the future ! highly recommend this product !
A little cheap feeling, but it gets the job done. It has taken a few 8ft drops.
Wonderful
good
Cool item, love the color and the fact that I can play poker and watch movies because of the stand
Had no screen cover. My mistake for not reading carefully.
Well designed, it even enhances the G4 speaker when placed screen down. The plastic is a little more rigid than I expected it to be; regardless if this helpful, it makes the product feel cheap.
It came early and fit like a glove.
Love it! I like that the woven nylon can still be seen through the clear case. The grips on the sides are well designed, it stays securely in my hand. It's a great fit for the Ballistic Nylon. I've only had it a week, so I don't know how it will stand the test of time. But even if its starts looking shabby in a few months, it's not expensive to replace.
It's pretty rugged which is great for a klutz like me, but there's no holder for the stylus??
Very good
Loved this case! I found it to be very durable, almost lasted for 1.5 years. The case fit well in my hand, made it super easy to locate in my purse. It really wasn't too bulky on the phone either, plus gave it a nice weight. The little stand was so great! Made it easy to watch stuff at work (lol) or to video chat. I would highly recommend this case.
Nice
Excellent case, nice grip fits phone very well and is very comfortable in your hand, the kick stand is a very nice added feature. love everything about it and will definitely recommend it to anyone
Very good materials, love it
Very durable and sleek fit
Can't beat this case for the price. Get more then you paid for! My wife bought a $50 case that effectively functions the same and protects the phone the same. Save yourself money, buy this one. I didn't buy for the stand, but it is beneficial to those who would utilize it.
It's made so cheap ! Looks like I got it from 99 cent store not even worth returning it you have to pay same price you brought it for and then it doesn't even fit
I didn't think that this phone case could hold up to an otterbox but I am pleased to have been prove wrong. I like the ergonomics of the case and the rugged feel so that I can grip the phone easily even when my hands are slippery. I like that it comes with a kickstand on the bank and that the covers for the volume and power buttons work well. I definitely recommend this phone case. With that said, it is imperative that you purchase a tempered glass screen protector to protect your phone. While your phone has appropriate protection if it falls at an angle or on face up, there is nothing to protect it from a face down fall. I bought a glass protector on amazon and thus far they have both held up nicely!
Not a reliable product. The case is very delicate and not durable and the screen protector cracked while I was trying to fix it on the screen. Would not recommend it to anyone.
This is my second one, love it
Never had an issue with my phone getting too warmth. It does resist a lot of hits. It makes the phone quite bigger, but I like how it looks, it doesn't slip from my hands either.
I purposely did a google search for a case that would fit a Moto 4g phone. This case came up. It looked like a nice soft, bounce absorbant plastic and had great reviews. When the case came it was made of a hard plastic and it did not fit the phone.. too long.
The case is lovely and snug. The only disadvantage being that you can’t slide the bottom menu up to turn up the brightness and other functions.
Good quality product.
Love the case itself. It's slim and the color is as it is in the photo(blue). I notice that when on the phone people have some trouble hearing me. Because of that I couldn't give 5 stars
Fits like a glove, even got it a day earlier than expected. Couldn't have asked for better service\product
The standard stem length on your audio jack cable is not long enough to seat firmly in to the audio jack.
The case does not snap together securely. It falls apart when it gets dropped.
This did not fit my Tab 3. I need to return this item!
I want the 2 cases for my Samsung galaxy table 4 model number sm t237p and the other one is sm t217s i want to know is the epicgadget the wright one for my tables
Ok for the money
Looks very cheap. But it did arrive before scheduled delivery date.
Works perfect and fits as expected
I received it earlier then expected. But I have had it on my galaxie for about a week now. But the problem is that the kick stand is broken. I don't think I would recommend and I'm not going to ever purchase from this company again.
Looks good and a very good quality too.
It broke the minute i put it on my tablet
We liked it
Thank you so much.. Love it..and I got it very fast!! Thank you again!
Case itself will not close completely and screen protector already had so much lint that it would not stick. Case will still serve its purpose but was very disappointed as I was hoping this would save me from having to order a screen protector separately.
Very safe
They are really nice I got them for my kids..
For the price, this is a great case. It's not well built and definitely not indestructible but it's solid protection. The kickstand is very difficult to & 34;unhook& 34; to use so it's not kid friendly at all. Heck, it's not easy for me to pull it out, either. If you're looking for a cheap option, this is a good one but if you're looking for an easily usable kickstand, go with a different product.
Using on 5 yr olds tablet doing good
poorly described. Did not fit my Samsung Galaxy 7. Cost of return shipping greater than cost of case.
no good
Kickstand broke within days of receiving it as a Christmas gift.
Ordered the wrong size.
Great case especially for the price
It's all good it came broken and cracked from a corner but nothing a good ol' duct tape can't fix
Just as described, good protection for a great price. I would buy again.
Very durable and lasts a long time.
Advertised as fitting a 6 inch galaxy tablet and it did not fit!
was too big and heavy..sent it back with some other stuff but never got refund.
i love it, i got it for my grandson. he loves the color and it was a perfect fit. .
Not in good condition
It's an awesome price for a great product thank u so much
Very nice!, as described good quality
not working n not holding vertically
Didn't fit phone properly. Waste of money I didn't even use because of fit
Got this for my boyfriend and he loves it.
Got this for my boyfriend and he loves it.
Got this for my boyfriend and he loves it.
great case got one to match my phone
Very Nice! Buttons work great! Fits phone great! Perfect amount of bulk for my 9 year old son but not too bulky. He loves it! I bought the teal looking blue and the color is exactly as shown. Thanks!
Works fine. Fits perfect.
Exactly what I was expecting to get.
It cracked after I removed it to clean strains
Love it
Broken within 24 hours in an adults hands.
Slightly thinner and less sturdy than I expected, but was delivered on time!
I had the case for 2 days. I dropped my phone on the floor without looking at it i put it in my pants pocket. I looked down at my pants and i had a big stain on my pants leg. The case had broken and all the stuff in the inside came out and ruin my work pants.
Great phone case
It protects very well i have a 3 year old and trust me when i say its resistant.
Arrived in great condition and it is what I expected! Thank you!
Love the case and especially the glass screen protector it comes with and I can finally use my AUX cord without having to take out my other phone case.
Fits my phone very nicely
Everything as advertised except the & 34;clip/stand.& 34; But its a great case.
It does its job, but the finish is VERY glossy. It doesn't fit the style of the phone (rugged) but it'll do until I get something else.
I love the soft pink color of the case, and it comes wit the glass screen protector that really protect the whole phone and it does make it slim ! If u really like the slim form of the phone this case will keep it that way ! Totally ordering different colors !
Good quality for a price!
Great product and price!
I like the case because it is slim but it broke very quickly just by one drop
A
Its so cute!! I'm in love with my new case! :-)
While I found this two-piece case to be slightly more than adequate for protection, I was disappointed in the fact that the stand only allowed the phone to work in the landscape position with no option to sit the phone up for portrait position.
This case fits perfect and is durable . I was worried at first about the kickstand holding up the tablet, but after using it, I'm positive this case is made very strong! I will be ordering from them again as I'm a case freak who will need at least five or six different styles!!
Received the wrong color
I purposly wrote that title in order to have people read my review sorry if I miss leaded you. This is amazing phone case. The kickstand and stylus is a plus. Kind of bummed that the stylus doesn't clip on the case buts not a big issue. If you're looking for a cheap, durable case, this a great deal.10/10 heat case!!
Great price. Quick service. Just what I was expecting.
Is good
Looks good, felt good to the hand,I like it.
Good product, the label on package hard to understand
I received it already but it didn't fit my phone I got the wrong one.
Met my expectations and was shipped in a timely manner.
It's a perfect fit and protects phone great
Did not fit the motor g4 at all.
I bought this case along with the & 34;Combo Holster& 34; because I liked the blue trim - I still got both for less than the price of one in retail.
Great product love it
Nice protection, could have a stand to keep it on vertical also
The plastic in top of the actual case is very frail and started cracking after about a month of use. Would highly recommend a different case if you're like me and slide your phone in and out of your pocket a lot. I still have the rubber part of the case. At least that's lasted. Definitely going for a different case now though. Also, one redeeming factor is the kickstand. Very useful and I wish more phone cases had them.
I like the case but the plastic comes off way too easy
Great product
Good.
still slim, the phone slipped ouy of my hand several times before getting this case, no more drops
to weak.
The plastic screen makes it’s super hard to hear and the case itself muffleds you when talking on speaker or when having it held on your ear
Excellent for the price.
Good case, stand works well, looks great. Feels a little on the cheap side (because it's cheap, lol). Would recommend.
Case did not fit very good
Product was just as described. Very pleased with purchase.
does not protect your phone at all
absolute garbage, not funtional at all i cracked my phone twice with this garbage case, don't waste your money
Case is perfect but the glass screen could be a touch bigger but I love slim cases that keep my phone from scratching
didn't last
I love this case it super thin and somewhat protectes you phone. But one con is that pieces of the case can brake off.
Doesn't fit right
It's alright
It DID Not Fit Our Grand Sons Phone
This is the fourth cover but I bought and I really like the covers but the screen savers never stay about two of them in the slot shipment
Nice 👌🏼👌🏼
Was broken when I got the product
I want to return them and where do I return them to
Looks pretty sturdy, covers everything! Used it to cover up a pink iPhone and it does the job. Comes with screen protector as well. Not the best, but it is worth it for the price.
It's a really comfortable case and it's so soft
It's not really precisely fitted.
Great
It's not fully clear (which wasn't clear).. the semi-transparent segment is less than aesthetically pleasing in my opinion (i know that's subjective).
It fits good and looks great
was not the color I thought it would be
It great to prop your table up to watch like a TV.
Works perfectly. Fits the S5 Active like a glove. Even the contours and buttons. Provides the right amount of grip and phone protection without making it bulky.
Excellent..😁
Protects my tablet & more secure to hold
The kickstand broke within a week of purchase. Other than the stand breaking, the case is sturdy.
So pretty. I love it. 😍
Delivered on time. Product fits great on Nylon version of droid turbo and ridges on side help prevent slipping. Clear case shows neat backing of nylon. Buttons on side fit perfectly for power and volume rocker. Excellent buy and now I want one in a different color! Thank you!
I love how sleek it is, fits on my phone great and looks amazing!
It fits perfectly and not bulky. Also the buttons on the side are functional despite being covered by the plastic.
Everything is as you would want and expect from this case. Its thin enough you barely notice its there but adds a little substance around the edges and corners so it is more comfortable to use in landscape position. Is it not & 34;grippy& 34; enough to catch and hold dust and debris in your pocket but enough so it feels secure in hand. The wave pattern on the back is nice as well as it catches the eye and subtley displays the ballistic nylon backing. I am also confident the phone would withstand drops in this case although I haven't tested it. Great case over all.
The cover is great to hold and feels safe. The only downside is that it becomes yellow with time. Had this one for 7 months and couldn't use longer as it had become yellow. Except the yellowness it's great.
great protection for the phone..and the clear allows color of phone to show..plus great price
Love the case. Lightweight. Can still see color of my phone through the clear case
Hours after slipping into the new sleek, sexy case I dropped my phone. The glass didn't break, but the LCD part of the screen had a meltdown. By the next morning, it was an almost black screen. I've dropped my phone wearing other cases without such a catastrophe. Sad me
It fits nice and tight. It's not bulky, slides in and out of my potcket nicely!!
This case is perfect
Exactly the right one! I bought clear and it is great. I had broken the screen, got it replaced, and wanted to not go through that again so I needed a case. I wanted it to slide into my pocket and not catch. This one does the trick. Perfect!
Broke on the first week.
good
my fav
Fantastic! Get compliments all the time. Took a little while to get here, but worth the wait!
Very pleased with my order.arrived earlier than expected,seems very sturdy and pretty
I love this case! It's halfway broken and I'm still holding onto it. It is very pretty. In the products defense, I've dropped my phone several times with this case on and the edges have broken but the case is still on and my phone is still protected!
This is a nice slim case. Perfect to fit in small purses. I wish it would snug fit with other screen protectors and not gap open
Im very happy with my purchase. Its exactly as described.
Love it
Perfect fit, the kid loves it.
I like the case but the rubber (black part) tries to roll off.
Case fits perfectly! Fast shipping!
Case fits perfectly! Fast shipping!
Case fits perfectly! Fast shipping!
Case fits perfectly! Fast shipping!
Case fits perfectly! Fast shipping!
Exactly what I expected and wanted.
Nice
I did not have high hopes for this case but it really surprised me. It is very good quality. It came with a stylus but it is not made as well as the case. I actually only bought this case until I could purchase an Otter Box for my phone and it served me well. If I had to, I would definitely still be using this case. Plus the little kickstand was a great addition that thoroughly enjoyed. It was also very easy to place on the phone, it just slips right on and off.
Did correspond my expectations.
Fits the phone very well and seems to do a good job protecting it without adding much bulk Not waterproof but protects from minor drops, bumps and life in my pocket. The case isn't sticks and slides in and out my pocket with easy yet still has plenty of grip to prevent accidental drops. This plus a glass screen protector and you'll be set
Beautiful
Very good condition and very good price
case is thinner than expected. doesn't appear shock resistant
Loved it!! Delivery On time
Just fine. Thanks
The rugged rubber layer at the side is very uncomfortable when texting with both hands
Does not fit- it's too long.
Just as expected! Fast delivery & a case that fits perfectly & does not make my phone bulky😘
Great for kids
No good kickstand will not hold up junk plastic you get what you pay for spend the extra for a good case or buy multiple junk ones up to u.
This case broke after two months.
Good case. Volume buttons are hard to press as they are covered in plastic.
Worked as expected
Cool
Disappointing, picture is misleading and the transparent clear plastic case is too big.
i love this case
